Here's a full list of key shortcuts for laptops (please note that most of them are for laptop as well as for usual, i.e. desktop, keyboards): That was very useful for me too, I have been meaning to look for something like this for a while, but never actually done it. Thanks for sharing this valuable information! Create your account in minutes, and start working! 3-month trial for agencies, and free for freelancers! The system lets you keep client/vendor database, with contacts and rates, manage projects and assign jobs to vendors, issue invoices, track payments, store and manage project files, generate business reports on turnover profit per client/manager etc.The climate in Ireland is typically temperate maritime; modified by North Atlantic Current; mild winters, cool summers; consistently humid; overcast about half the time. The terrain: mostly level to rolling interior plain surrounded by rugged hills and low mountains; sea cliffs on west coast. For Dublin in January the daily average maximum temperatures is 8°C with the average minimum 3°C, while in June the average maximum is 18°C with a minimum of 9°C. The wettest month for Dublin is October with an average of 89.0mm of precipitation falling while the driest month is March with 54.9mm falling. The information presented below gives detailed historical monthly average weather conditions along with exceptional weather occurrences. To maintain relevance to current weather trends the displayed information has been calculated using data collected over the past two decades. The climate profile is taken from closest available data source to Glendineoregan. Throughout the month of November daytime temperatures will generally reach highs of around 10°C that's about 51°F. At night the average minimum temperature drops down to around 5°C, that's 40°F. In recent times the highest recorded temperature in November has been 17°C that's 63°F, with the lowest recorded temperature -7°C, about 20°F. The Heat Index is a measure of how hot it feels when relative humidity is added to actual air temperature. From this a comfort level is calculated providing categories on how heat conditions might adversely affect someone. The average monthly amount of precipitation has been recorded at around 61 mm, that's 2 inches. Throughout the month you can expect to see rain or drizzle falling on 20 days of the month. We calculate sunshine hours per day using our past forecast data. For November expect the sun to shine for an average of 3 hours per day. This represents the average number of hours in the daytime that the sun is visible and not obscured by cloud e.g. the average number of hours the sun is actually out and shining. Note we calculate hours of sunshine per day using our past forecast data, not observation data, thus it is an estimate and not actual. The average daily wind speed in November has been around 13 km/h, that’s the equivalent to about 8 mph, or 7 knots. In recent years the maximum sustained wind speed has reached 54 km/h, that’s the equivalent of around 33 mph, or 29 knots. The temperature of water an individual will feel comfortable in is very much personal preference. What feels unbearably cold to one person for a swim might be fine for another. We have created our own Swimming Water Temperature Index offering a guide to water temperature and comfort levels for swimming; In November, for the nearest coastal location, the temperature of the sea averages around 12°C, that's 54° Fahrenheit. Our index indicates for swimming this is considered cold and even the most hardy among us would find any more than a few minutes in the water uncomfortable. The following charts show yearly weather trends with information on monthly weather averages and extremes. The chart below plots the average high and low temperature for each month of the year. It also shows the maximum and minimum recorded temperatures. The chart below plots the average number of days in any month that you can expect to see rain falling. The chart below plots the average number of days in any month that you can expect to see snow falling. The chart below plots the average daily wind speed you can expect for any month. It also shows the maximum recorded sustained wind speed for each month. One bite of these and I was instantly transported! I can't remember where or when I've eaten these but the taste and aroma of these lovely biscuits was incredibly familiar. I had no issues at all making these. The dough came together easily, rolled out well, cut well and cooked perfectly. I used hazelnut meal and raspberry jam for these but really the possibilities are endless. I ended up using an apple corer to cut out the little holes in the middle because nothing else was the right size! I made a full batch of the dough but only cooked 3 biscuits, 1 for each of us. The rest of the dough is biding it's time in the freezer, ready to be made into Christmas gifts. I took the advice of others and made sure to roll the dough very thin, so the whole cookie sandwich is probably 1/4 inch. Simply fabulous. The hazelnuts and ground cloves gave it a rich, aromatic earthiness which worked perfectly with the raspberry jam. Loved the crunch! I much prefer crunchy biscuits to soft cakey ones any day. I will definitely be making more of these! Next week: Grandma's All-Occasion Sugar Cookies (which I've already made but will wait to post next Tuesday). Lucky you to have some of the dough still to bake up and enjoy - mine were gone too quickly! Very pretty. All text and photos © Susan King from www.mywholefoodfamily.com 2008 - 2018 except where otherwise noted. All rights reserved. No content may be reproduced without written permission. Please contact me at mywholefoodfamilyblog AT gmail DOT com The Predicament Wrestling Scorebook contains 48 team scoring pages in the front and 48 wrestler statistics pages in the back half where 24 wrestlers get their own 2 pages on which you can chronologically record all their stats in up to 64 matches! The Predicament Wrestling Scorebook contains 48 team scoring pages in the front and 48 wrestler statistics pages in the back half where 24 wrestlers get their own 2 pages on which you can chronologically record all their stats in up to 64 matches! The features of this scoring book are the best untearable red poly covers (front and back), 14" x 10" size, spiral bound along the top edge, team tournament summary forms, team dual meet summary forms, wrestlers' season statistics summary forms, updated each year to allow for rule changes! Dan Gable, Iowa's legendary wrestling coach used the Predicament Wrestling Scorebook during his last 15 years of coaching! (So did over 2400 other schools last year!) If ever seen sexier and meatier young swingers getting any in bigger crowds being uploaded on the large porn resource, let us know cause this is the most grandiose swinger web project our company has ever run before! Damn! I swear I would rush to get all of them nailed if not my wife and mother-in-law actually... Personal official site of Kelly and Ryan Madison who created this site to add some new sense to the meaning of the word ‘marriage’. Fresh sexual swinger parties and cheating on hubbies with several next-door-guys might do only good to your matrimonial life. Now Kelly runs the largest porn group sex resource! The site holds and presents only the spiciest and most electric wild swinger orgies that involve a large collective of fuckers that upload their porn results on our site later on! There is no other site that would show off as many youthful group sex amateurs at the same time as ours does! Those insatiable white wives can't go stuffed about each other, but they need at least a couple of black and white dicks to be pleased for months to come. Look through this raunchy white sluts doing black porn monsters till they go fainted. Real swingers parties for you to get a groove on and screw those filthy whores! A funny mature mom from Tampa, Florida has regular sex adventures (the content is updated weekly), monthly meetings of her and her worshippers and live 24/7 webcam. The site provides over 100 hours of the first class swingers sex video, and all this has been being done since 1999. We creates a rather warm and cozy atmosphere of private swingers sex that is very often made by people that have known each other for years. They like to get together and forget about everything that surrounds them! You are free to feast eyes on the most peculiar porn sessions. A good thing about this web-service is that couples invite a new teen to their house and seduce her! So, the site’s slogan is ‘Couples seduce teens’! The resource includes more than 70 teens swingers video pieces inside with a new video nudie supplemented on the weekly basis! You can download all movies the site can give to you! Hot swingers from Netherlands! The most burning and richest collection of exquisite swinger resources that are gathered in one comfortable column and that are easy to be logged on by you! Just take a look at those sizzling screenshots and its contents will become clear to you. So, put on a brave face and go to pound all those shrimps. Completely uncensored private swingers parties and team creams that are completely private and that have no accidental people! It has a lot of secret content disclosed only for registered members, so if you have a desire, you are free to join any of these swingers Bacchanalias! A young man is licking mom's pussy. Mom likes to have a boy's tongue licking hard and his only wish is to push it as deep as possible. You will always find them here! Wives are pretty true about being unfaithful for their stable porn partners and organizing swinger Saturnalias on a professional basis. Those babes have created their own encounter group sites and invite everyone to have a look at their swingers porn photo and video sessions recorded and uploaded rather frequently. Clear out the problem why cheating and being unfaithful to one’s own husband is so much popular! Steamy sexy fucking wives pictured here two-timing their better nuisances, but all this is taken by camera and presented on our resource. All those bitches are swingers as a matter of fact!Help1 I need a name for a velvety elephant Winner of the best name gets 2 Trading Card Posters and a Grandfather clock ( 1 2)We can't get enough of the fun, bold and patterned look of wallpaper on the ceiling. Though it's a gutsy move, we think it has the potential to pay off quite big. We gathered five spaces so attractive, they have us wondering what pattern we'd choose for our ceilings. If you're bold enough to try wallpaper on your walls, is it an easy step to move to the ceiling? Are walls the gateway to other surfaces in your home? Only you can answer that (and we certainly hope you give your opinion), but in the meantime, we can get plenty of non-committal inspiration from these great spaces: 2) Sophisticated and playful yellow and white stripes spotted at House to Home, via Live, Love Decorate.Digital Library UIN Sunan Kalijaga is powered by EPrints 3 which is developed by the School of Electronics and Computer Science at the University of Southampton. More information and software credits.First Book Friday is back from vacation, and would like to remind you all that submission guidelines and the index of previous authors are both available on the website. Today we have Mette Ivie Harrison, who has written (among other things) three princess novels. As we all know, writing princess books makes you AWESOME! She’s also done a novel about the magic mirror from Snow White. (If she starts writing about goblins too, I’ll be spooked.) By 2000, I had been writing seriously for six years and had completed twenty novels, some for adults, some for children. I persisted in a (perhaps) naive belief that if I wrote a novel good enough, it would be published. If I hadn’t been published yet, it was because I wasn’t good enough. And by good enough, I meant so good an editor couldn’t say no to it, not just as good as other things on the shelf. I also firmly refused to believe that “connections” were the way to sell a first novel. I’d met editors at conferences, and I certainly sent to them first, but I also sent queries to just about any listing in Writer’s Market that fit the genre I was working in. When I was sending out The Monster in Me [Amazon | B&N | Mysterious Galaxy] in proposal form after many years of revision, the Holiday House listing in Writers Market said to send proposals to “Acquisitions Editor.” I suppose they had given up putting in a name because the people in that position rotate so fast that by the time the book is printed, there is someone else you should send it to. I cringed not to have a name, but I sent it anyway. Then I went back to work on something else, in this case on Mira, Mirror, a retelling of the Snow White fairy tale from the mirror’s point of view. About three months after I sent off the query, I got a reply from Suzanne Reinoehl, a real name! She asked to see the whole manuscript of Monster, which I sent off to her the next day. I was hopeful, but I’d had people request full manuscripts dozens of times before. I knew it didn’t mean anything. Or it might not mean anything. Three months after that, I got a phone call. Caller ID told me it was from Holiday House and my heart started pounding. Sure enough, it was Suzanne Reinoehl making a modest offer on Monster. I told her that I was very interested, but that I was working on getting an agent and would prefer to have the agent seal the deal. Then I hung up and called a couple of agents who still had not yet rejected me. One of them, Barry Goldblatt, asked me to send the manuscript to him, since the manuscript I had sent to him was actually a different one out of those twenty I had written. He took the weekend to read it and got back to me on Monday, offering representation. Then he went to bat getting me the best deal possible from Holiday House. He called a couple of editors at other houses who had read the manuscript in earlier stages to see if they were sure they didn’t want it, but in the end, I signed with Holiday House. My second book, Mira, Mirror [Amazon | B&N | Mysterious Galaxy], was actually the manuscript that I had sent to Barry when I first queried him, and which impressed him enough that he had considered offering representation before I had an offer on the table for Monster. He was a new agent at the time and had been recommended to me by a friend who also signed with him that year. Mira, Mirror sold two years later to Viking, and I have since focused mainly on writing fantasy for young adults, sometime fairy tale retellings, character-driven, and a little on the dark side. When I go to conferences and talk to other writers, I continue to send the message that if that first manuscript doesn’t sell, work on another one. And another. And another. In the last ten years, I have yet to meet anyone who has written more than twenty novels before being published. Not everyone is as persistent or as foolishly optimistic as I was then. Or perhaps they don’t have the energy. I had four children under the age of 7 at the time and woke up at 5 almost every morning to work on my writing before the kids needed me. I was a nap Nazi, making sure that they all slept at the same time in the afternoon so that I could fit in another hour. I’m not sure exactly how I managed to do all that, but it mattered a lot to me. I had wanted to be a writer since I was in Kindergarten, and had lived through a lifetime of questions about when I would get a “real job.” I think that drove me, along with anger over the loss of a university position after years of working to get a PhD. That first phone call with Barry, when he offered representation, I have a clear memory of going into the storage room in the basement of my parents’ house, where we were staying in order to get our finances in order, and holding the unlockable door shut for over an hour while six children (my own four and two others I was babysitting daily for extra money) alternately banged on the door and cried. I was trying to hold an adult conversation that was important to the rest of my life. I think I actually was able to understand most of what Barry said to me to understand his vision of a writer’s career, his tastes in literature, and his view of me as an author. I think I was mostly coherent in return, and not as eager as I was tempted to be. I really hope Barry couldn’t hear the kids crying in the background. When I came out, I got them lunch and went back to my regular life. Everything had changed, and nothing had changed. Blog Archives Select Month November 2018 (3) October 2018 (13) September 2018 (9) August 2018 (10) July 2018 (5) June 2018 (8) May 2018 (11) April 2018 (6) March 2018 (10) February 2018 (10) January 2018 (11) December 2017 (11) November 2017 (10) October 2017 (8) September 2017 (10) August 2017 (14) July 2017 (12) June 2017 (12) May 2017 (9) April 2017 (10) March 2017 (13) February 2017 (11) January 2017 (14) December 2016 (25) November 2016 (20) October 2016 (10) September 2016 (12) August 2016 (16) July 2016 (12) June 2016 (13) May 2016 (20) April 2016 (15) March 2016 (19) February 2016 (18) January 2016 (16) December 2015 (17) November 2015 (12) October 2015 (16) September 2015 (18) August 2015 (19) July 2015 (13) June 2015 (17) May 2015 (18) April 2015 (17) March 2015 (21) February 2015 (17) January 2015 (22) December 2014 (19) November 2014 (15) October 2014 (18) September 2014 (20) August 2014 (20) July 2014 (15) June 2014 (20) May 2014 (20) April 2014 (17) March 2014 (16) February 2014 (21) January 2014 (19) December 2013 (22) November 2013 (18) October 2013 (22) September 2013 (15) August 2013 (17) July 2013 (13) June 2013 (15) May 2013 (13) April 2013 (13) March 2013 (14) February 2013 (12) January 2013 (17) December 2012 (15) November 2012 (12) October 2012 (13) September 2012 (13) August 2012 (18) July 2012 (22) June 2012 (19) May 2012 (19) April 2012 (18) March 2012 (19) February 2012 (18) January 2012 (15) December 2011 (15) November 2011 (14) October 2011 (17) September 2011 (19) August 2011 (18) July 2011 (19) June 2011 (25) May 2011 (22) April 2011 (23) March 2011 (26) February 2011 (23) January 2011 (20) December 2010 (16) November 2010 (20) October 2010 (20) September 2010 (21) August 2010 (18) July 2010 (21) June 2010 (23) May 2010 (17) April 2010 (20) March 2010 (18) February 2010 (19) January 2010 (20) December 2009 (20) November 2009 (16) October 2009 (20) September 2009 (23) August 2009 (23) July 2009 (16) June 2009 (23) May 2009 (9)Find single men in glencoe, pa keystone state of pennsylvania join matchcom to meet quality singles like you today you do the choosing - so many ways to search and connect in glencoe,pennsylvania. Access glencoe, illinois personal ads with personal messages, pictures, and voice recordings from singles that are anxious to meet someone just like you free chat rooms , and dating tips create your own free member profile today with photos, audio, or video today. Meet glencoe (alabama) men looking for dating at american site if you are a single woman seeking for single glencoe guys join our alabama online dating community you will definetly enjoy contacting single boys from glencoe, alabama, united states. Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of gay single men in glencoe, al join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site. Browse photo profiles & contact from glencoe, toowoomba surrounds, qld on australia's #1 dating site rsvp free to browse & join. Bookofmatchescom™ offers glencoe free dating and personals for local single men and/or women the sign up process takes only seconds start meeting singles in glencoe, minnesota right now by signing up free or browsing through personal ads and hookup with someone that matches your interests. Online dating in glencoe for free the only 100% free online dating site for dating, love, relationships and friendship register here and chat with other glencoe singles create your free profile belle plain minnesota unoulike1984 34 single man seeking women. Glencoe dating site, glencoe personals, glencoe singles luvfreecom is a 100% free online dating and personal ads site there are a lot of glencoe singles searching romance, friendship, fun and more dates. Police & fire break-in at dealership tow truck, dating scams: blotter incidents and arrests from the winnetka, glencoe and northfield police department blotters for aug 30 to sept 5. Meet single men in glencoe mn online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single men in glencoe. Glencoe's best 100% free dating site meeting nice single men in glencoe can seem hopeless at times — but it doesn't have to be mingle2's glencoe personals are full of single guys in glencoe looking for girlfriends and dates. Glencoe dating: browse glencoe, il singles & personals your one stop for singles in the prairie state of illinois whether you're looking for christian singles, black singles, asian singles, jewish singles or local singles, go to the dating site that is responsible for hundreds of thousands of happy couples.Russian users of @Voice often ask me about modifying accent on words read aloud by TTS engine, therefore this post is in English and Russian. In general, the accent depends mostly on the TTS voice you are using, not my app. You could try different voices from different manufacturers to see if any of them is better for your needs. But continue reading...His name's Sam Heughan, and you'll be seeing a lot more of his shirtless self in the coming months. Read Full Story (Starz)Love triangles are hard enough without a few hundred years getting in the way. No one knows this better than Claire Randall. The heroine of Diana Gabaldon's best-selling Outlander is coming to Starz this summer, and with her, two dudes vying for her affection — Jamie Fraser, a rugged 18th century soldier, and Frank Randall, her 20th century husband. Starz has officially set Outlander's premiere date for Saturday, August 9. While we count the days until our potential new favorite show...Read Full StoryDue to lack of space not many people have gardens and therefore cats and dogs. So, it's just easier to have a ladybird or beetle as a pet. not sure about ds but i do know that you can watch tv from your pc its called satelite pc tv or something it streams live tv to you for no cost but its illegal XD or the one i use is :| I have here the freeloader, and i used it with metroid prime 3, and it worked great, but I can't update the SSBB like i did to Metroid. I did that, but when the "bar" os updating reach the middle, is stucks, and don't continue updating :S But it's still there, since my last post, so it's updating since 5 minutes ago i think, may be more :x If you have a sd-card and Zelda:TP, uses this one. Brawl is working 100% with it and soon there should be a own channel for this one . It's a free application, that allows you to play import games on your wii. It's still a beta, but Brawl is already working without a problem. Via the Zelda TP hack you can start this prog and launch Brawl on your wii. @Prime: Whats your problem? It's a free prog and the new version will have a higher compability then the Freeloader.... Btw. The compability isn't important if you want to play Brawl only, because this one is already working without a problem with the new beta... I'm already playing Brawl, No more Heros and SMG (NTSC) on my Pal wii without a single problem, like many other guys. And there is already a new version (channel version) in production, that will raise the compability over the Datel freeloader level... As commodity prices continue to stay lower, longer, the Oil and Gas industry is facing continued pressure to improve operational While at Cisco Connect Toronto I caught up with Richard Mullen, part of Cisco’s IoT engineering and solutions group, to Recently we introduced the Cisco Kinetic platform, but didn’t discuss in-depth how Cisco Kinetic helps municipalities better serve constituents. Until Today’s customers expect to receive products when they want them, where they want them. Failing to meet these expectations means your relationship is over. If you’ve been paying any attention at all lately, you’ve probably noticed that the number of Fintech startups is multiplying Are you maximizing the value of Big Data? Are you generating powerful business insights? Are you able to analyze critical A few years ago we announced a $2 million endowment to establish a Cisco® Chair in Advanced Learning Technologies at the Networking and meeting with potential customers and partners is only one of the benefits you will receive by attending the “Big data” has become the new buzzword of the tech world. But is big data actually something new, or just I love being able to roast my own coffee from the comfort of my Toronto home. But finding good places With millions of smartphones, sensors, video cameras, smart meters and other devices connected to the Internet, the increasingly enormous amounts Last week was important for “infrastructure” in Canada. From September 10-12, Regina hosted the second-ever National Infrastructure Summit. Hundreds of Archives Select Month October 2018 (6) September 2018 (7) August 2018 (7) July 2018 (6) June 2018 (7) May 2018 (4) April 2018 (3) March 2018 (2) February 2018 (3) January 2018 (5) December 2017 (5) November 2017 (6) October 2017 (6) September 2017 (11) August 2017 (12) July 2017 (5) June 2017 (11) May 2017 (9) April 2017 (16) March 2017 (9) February 2017 (2) January 2017 (2) December 2016 (1) February 2016 (2) January 2016 (5) December 2015 (8) November 2015 (9) October 2015 (2) September 2015 (3) August 2015 (4) July 2015 (12) June 2015 (9) May 2015 (5) April 2015 (9) March 2015 (12) February 2015 (9) January 2015 (8) December 2014 (7) November 2014 (8) October 2014 (11) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (6) July 2014 (14) June 2014 (16) May 2014 (13) April 2014 (7) March 2014 (12) February 2014 (9) January 2014 (13) December 2013 (9) November 2013 (15) October 2013 (21) September 2013 (15) August 2013 (6) July 2013 (6) June 2013 (18) May 2013 (11) April 2013 (9) March 2013 (4) February 2013 (10) January 2013 (9) December 2012 (12) November 2012 (8) October 2012 (14) September 2012 (10) August 2012 (7) July 2012 (8) June 2012 (11) May 2012 (10) April 2012 (12) March 2012 (12) February 2012 (9) January 2012 (11) December 2011 (9) November 2011 (6) October 2011 (9) September 2011 (5) August 2011 (5) July 2011 (4) June 2011 (4) During July Bahrain holds a festival “Bahrain Summer” of art and culture mainly aimed at children however there are a few events for adults on offer. One that caught our eye via a large roadside billboard not far from our apartment was “Lord of The Dance” who were to perform at the Bahrain International Exhibition and Conference Centre (BIECC) for two nights this week. I acquired tickets from the Zain store at the airport when I was collecting Kevin one evening. Buying concert tickets at your local mobile operator’s shop may seem odd but it obviously worked as on the night there were very few empty seats. On Tuesday evening we arrived as instructed 60 minutes before the performance started. The door was not yet open so we joined the lengthy queue snaking its way through what appeared to be an enormous ice cube. This inflatable arch provided a reception area with aircon and fantastic floral displays as well as white leather seating. Onward and into the hall itself. Raised seating at the back, two areas of black covered banqueting chairs between that and the stage. We were efficiently guided into the right area and found orselves some seats towards the centre of the stage. Meanwhile Inge, who had discovered the Irish dance troup were in town from a Facebook post I made shortly before we left our apartment, managed to get changed, drive from Amwaj (islands to the north of Bahrain) and buy herself a ticket on the door in less than an hour! Her 1BD ticket was for the raised area at the back whereas we had invested in the 10BD seats (around £18 each) closer to the stage. The ticket prices are amazingly inexpensive compared to the price of a similar show in London. Comparing notes later there were benefits to both seating areas; closer too you could see the footwork, raised up you could see the overall impact of the dance formations with the downside of the front seats being having to look up to see the stage whereas further back you missed some of the detail. Anyway on to the show, the story is a simple one of the tussle between good and evil. The dancing was superb and the audience, a mix of locals and ex-pats, quickly got into the swing of clapping in time to the catchy Irish music once encouraged by the performers. The drumming feet on the wooden stage in perfect timing was amazing and kept everyone entranced. The dualing fiddle players brought the house down and the lovely Little Spirit captured everyone’s hearts. The troupe got a standing ovation when they’d done which they responded to with an encore. How do the girls dancing on tip toes in soft shoes make that little wiggle of their body from their ankles and remain standing! And how do apparently simple foot moves make so many rythmic taps? Their skills and stamina are amazing. I understand now why this show is still playing to full houses wherever in the world it is performed. I for one want to go again! BahrainSummer and Spring of Culture are beautiful events in Bahrain, I cant wait for them to come back, if you ever come to Bahrain or if you are living here, I would suggest you give BahrainAdvisor a try Its comprehensive guide to Bahrain including restaurants, hotels, attractions, shopping and other local businesses, what makes BahrainAdvisor unique is the fact that its customers driven, so the best businesses are rated and reviewed by real customersCompSource has been around for 18 years! We have several awards to show our dedication to customer service. Consumer Choice Award. Golden web award, Top 500 online companies etc. P.O.s accepted. aaxa Technologies - P2 Jr. Pico Projector, 55 Lumens, WXGA, Mini-HDMI/ The AAXA P2 Jr. features the very latest in optical projection technology because at the heart of this pico projector is an amazingly small optical engine about the size of 3 silver dollars stacked together. This optical engine i - If we don't want to protect our environment ourselves, maybe we can be forced into doing so by the latest provision by the European Commission On November 4, 2013 the European Commission has accepted the suggestion that demands that its member states reduce their consumption of thin plastic bags. Amongst the suggested measures, member states can choose those that they deem most appropriate, including taxes, and national goals that outline a reduction or ban of plastic bags in certain cases. Encouraged by this provision, Animal Friends is appealing again to the Ministry of Environmental and Nature Protection to bring in measures that would solve the problem of the constant consumption of plastic bags that have an adverse effect on the environment and animals. Animal Friends submitted a petition to the appropriate Ministry in 2009, asking for a legal ban on plastic bags, with over 27,000 collected signatures. Unfortunately, nothing definite has been done about this and the same petition is still available for signing at www.prijatelji-zivotinja.hr. Animal Friends has again sent a request to the Ministry of Environmental and Nature Protection and the minister Zmajlovic, whom they have been waiting for an appointment with for months, believing that this year should end with a definitive agreement and a decision. Each year there are over 500 billion plastic bags used in the world, and due to the high costs, less than 1% of them get recycled. The others end up in waste sites and in nature where they kill hundreds of thousands of sea animals and birds that mistake them for food, causing them painful and slow deaths. Plastic bags also cause great ecological problems because they take decades to disintegrate into smaller parts and in the end they turn into plastic dust, which is undesirable in the environment because it pollutes ecosystems and ends up in our food and water. The Republic of Croatia is promoting itself to tourists as a unique place with preserved natural heritage and rich biological diversity. A question arises regarding how the ugly sites of plastic bags that can ruin our coast and trees they hang from fit into the idea of a preserved Croatian environment? It is not just about a lack of aesthetics, but also about a very obvious lack of ecological awareness. Not only does it leave a bad impression on tourists, but the natural habitats and lives of animals are also being irretrievably destroyed. In order to stop the uncontrolled consumption of plastic bags, Animal Friends suggests a tax on plastic bags (i.e. a levy which would make sure not one plastic bag is free) that could cost 2 kunas per piece, for example. Our intention is not to burden the already overloaded budget of citizens, but rather to encourage them to use ecologically acceptable carrier bags and shopping bags. Such a provision would encourage the shops and shopping chains to offer citizens longer lasting and ecologically sound solutions that are reasonably priced. Funds collected in this way could be redirected to the fund for preserving the environment, which would contribute to further progress. Even though Animal Friends' primary aim is to help animals that are dying slowly and through terrible suffering caused by plastic bags, we can claim with certainty that such a law would have a big echo in Europe and it would have a positive effect on our economy, especially the tourism sector. This way Animal Friends invites citizens to ditch plastic bags and instead use long lasting bags or baskets, thereby ensuring a safer and cleaner future. Animal Friends is a non-profit, non-governmental organization, founded in 2001 with the aim to promote animal protection and animal rights as well as veganism, as ethical, ecological and healthy lifestyle. Animal Friends Croatia is a member organization of EVU, Eurogroup for Animals, ECEAE, FFA, IAFC and OIPA.Maybe it is a zombie, and maybe it is a penguin. But it must be eliminated! Knock zomguins loose with bombs, launched from your trusty self-propelled artillery. But please, spare the Ninja Pigs. They are the only true heroes in this blue, graphy world. You are now playing Zomguin Doodle, one of many high quality Action Games shared on KBH Games for you to play for free. Play Zomguin Doodle online right on your desktop web browser. We have total of 15888 Free Online Games indexed on our website for you to enjoy. This game is part of our Action Games, Doodle Games category. It has been liked by 6 peoples. There are Fun Games for the entire family to enjoy. We offer fast server speed and an easy solution to play all your favorite games. Explore the website and see what great games you'll discover today. We hope that any of these games can brighten your day just a little bit.‘Mandy’ is a movie genre Drama, was released in May 12, 2018. Panos Cosmatos was directed this movie and starring by Nicolas Cage. This movie tell story about The Shadow Mountains, 1983. Red and Mandy lead a loving and peaceful existence; but when their pine-scented haven is savagely destroyed, Red is catapulted into a phantasmagoric journey filled with bloody vengeance and laced with fire. If you are organising a small private party or a large family event, our wealth of experience in event planning can be called on to ensure that every detail is taken care of including party themes with props and backdrops as well as chair covers and centrepieces. We can provide top class entertainers including DJ, magician, look a like characters, function band and cabaret acts. We display Obd Connector and other automotive parts from Ebay on our site. Several times a day, we compile the best deals and largest inventory of auto, car and truck parts and display them on our website to help you make your purchasing decision. Obd Connector can be found for the best price below. Click on an image for more details.A photographer named Peter Augustus created a photo series that shows popular food dishes next to their raw animal counterparts. It's ... eye-opening, to say the least. The table below compares 02466 to the other 521 ZIP Codes in Massachusetts by rank and percentile using July 1, 2018 data. The location Ranked # 1 has the highest value. A location that ranks higher than 75% of its peers would be in the 75th percentile of the peer group. Additional comparisons and rankings can be made with a VERY EASY TO USE Massachusetts Census Data Comparison Tool.The Boss is our first Speed 13 Distance Driver. This is a fast stable driver that can handle full power throws and moderate headwinds. Advanced players and sidearm throwers will appreciate the dependable stability. The Boss has a slight high speed turn to help maximize distance with a predictable fade. Not recommended for players who throw less than 300 feet. GStar is a new blend of Star that adds flexibility and even more grip. GStar is highly grippy and slightly softer than our standard Star material. It allows for grip levels unseen before in our premium plastics. The material yields a unique metallic coloring that shimmers and shines in the sun as they feature an opaque and pearlescent sheen to them. They fly even better than they look. GStar discs have a smooth, gradual transition in flight with the same durability as the regular Star discs. One unique GStar characteristic is the ability to return to its original shape quickly after flexing. The added flex is perfect for cold weather.In order to login you must be registered. Registering takes only a few moments but gives you increased capabilities. The board mugwumps may also grant additional permissions to registered users. Before you register please ensure you are familiar with our terms of use and related policies. Please ensure you read any forum rules as you navigate around the board. Spot offers a look at a few new moments of footage alongside what looks like footage made just for this promotion. If you like the blueprint/tech inspection, check out these graphic pieces posted yesterday for Iron man 3: We get it. You don't feel like signing up for an Outhouse account, even though it's FREE and EASY! That's okay. You can comment with your Facebook account below and we'll take care of adding it to the stream above. But you really should consider getting a full Outhouse account, which will allow you to quote posts, choose an avatar and sig, and comment on our forums too. If that sounds good to you, sign up for an Outhouse account by clicking here. Note: while you are welcome to speak your mind freely on any topic, we do ask that you keep discussion civil between each other. Nasty personal attacks against other commenters is strongly discouraged. Thanks! Jeremy was born in a small mountain village of a strange foreign land called Weystvurginea. Banishment for liberal views saw him spend years wondering the east coast until he decided to bike to California. When he saw how long a trip it was, he drove instead. Now he's living it up in a low humidity climate, sometimes working on his photography and when not, he writes for us covering books (by way of his blog: Reading Realms), gaming, tv, movies, comics, conventions in the SoCal area, and creates a weekly webcomic: A Journey Through Skyrim. If you look for him offline, start in the L.A. area; online start at: www.jeremyshane.info for his profile and all the social networks he's on... or just follow him on twitter, he seems to be on there a lot: @jeremyshane. The Outhouse is not responsible for any butthurt incurred by reading this website. All original content copyright the author. Banner by Ali Jaffery - he's available for commission! Havelock Sports Club continued their unbeaten run for the fifth consecutive week as they clinched a very tight game against Army SC last evening. The scoreboard at full time read 37-26 ensuring a very valuable bonus point for the park club. Havies were boosted with the additions of Sudarshana Muthuthanthri, Sharo Fernando and Ashan Darling who Coach Ronny Ibrahim rested for the previous encounter against CH & FC. Mithun Hapugoda too was included in the starting lineup after serving a one match ban for the block tackle he made against CR & FC two weeks ago. Army had the possession of the ball in the opening minutes, but a knock on by Ashan Bandara resulted in a kick and chase from Niroshan Fernando whilst the referee played advantage. Even though Army SC scrambled back in defense they couldn’t stop Sudarshana Muthuthanthri from crossing try line to open the scoring for Havies. Dulaj Perera was unabled to convert this try (Havelocks 05-00 Army) Havies dominated the next few minutes of the game. The pressure saw Army concede a simple penalty which Dulaj kicked it perfectly through the uprights to increase their lead (Havelocks 08-00 Army) Army were able to bounce back soon as they took advantage of the incessant infringements by Havelocks as Gayan Salinda was able to convert two penalties out of three they were awarded in kicking range. (Havelocks 08-06 Army) The Momentum stayed with the soldiers as they dominated the breakdown and their play maker Gayan Salinda spotted a gap in the Havelock defense which he ran through with ease to give his side the lead for the first time in the game as he added the extras himself. (Havelocks 08-13 Army) Army were patient in attack as they initiated about six pick and drives which ended when their veteran prop Ashoka Jayalal Scored their Second try under the post to increase their lead. Salinda surprisingly missed the easy conversion (Havelocks 08-18 Army) Havelocks were very sloppy, as they lost the ball twice on the try line in the first half. Havies needed to score next to stay in the game and so they did. Senal Deelaka powered through the army defense to score an important try for his club against the run of play. Perera couldn’t add the extra points (Havelocks 13-18 Army) In the Dying stages of the first half Chamara Dabare got through the Army defense using his pace, gaining 40 meters setting up Dushamantha Priyadarshana who barged over from the base of the ensuing ruck. Perera added the extra two points to put his team in the lead going into the break (Havelocks 20-18 Army) Army scored directly from the kick off through Danushka Thalwaththa as he carved his way through the havies defense. Salinda missed the conversion (Havelocks 20-23 Army) Havies were awarded a penalty within kicking range, which they turned down in order to go for touch. The ensuing line-out was spot on even though the rolling maul was defended ably by the soldier’s pack. Lasindu Karunathilake eventually powered over the try line, Perera converted. (Havelocks 27-23 Army) Army was penalized for being offside soon after and this time slotted in the much needed three points. Army replied quickly with their forwards inching towards the goal line. Prasad Madushanka was spotted offside was sent off. Army too opted to go for points and they narrowed the deficit to just four. (Havelocks 30-26 Army) Army was on the attack again in the last ten minutes but the Havies defense stood firm. The hosts closed out the game with the back line finally spreading the ball wide to their center Hirantha Perera who ran in their 5th try of the evening. Perera converted giving the Havelocks an 11 point win. (Havelocks 37-26 Army) Who are you the past whispered? I wasn't sure. Born in Montreal to French - Irish parents and moved to America at age 4, I wasn't able to connect with my roots. The past whispered again and I began my search. The search for my elusive great-grandparents took me to County Cavan, Ireland, northern France and Belgium. The Past Whispers... One would think that Christmas lights have been around for as long as Christmas itself. Can any of you imagine Christmas without lights? How would the children find their way in the dark, so early on Christmas morning without them? The history of Christmas lights is intricately tied to the dawn of the modern era, when houses began to be supplied with electricity. As you are likely aware, Thomas Edison invented the first functioning light bulb back in 1879. A few years later, in 1882, an associate of his first employed the use of lights on his Christmas tree. Edward Johnson was the first to electrically light his family Christmas tree in his New York home. His home was located in one of the first sections of the city to be wired for electricity. A visiting reporter from Detroit reported the following in "The Detroit Post and Tribune": "Last evening I walked over beyond Fifth Avenue and called at the residence of Edward H. Johnson, vice-president of Edison's electric company. There, at the rear of the beautiful parlors, was a large Christmas tree presenting a most picturesque and uncanny aspect. It was brilliantly lighted with many colored globes about as large as an English walnut and was turning some six times a minute on a little pine box. There were eighty lights in all encased in these dainty glass eggs, and about equally divided between white, red and blue. As the tree turned, the colors alternated, all the lamps going out and being relit at every revolution. The result was a continuous twinkling of dancing colors, red, white, blue, white, red, blue---all evening." In 1890, Edison published a promotional brochure which may have been the first mention of commercially available electrically powered Christmas lights. It stated that "There are few forms of decoration more beautiful and pleasing than miniature incandescent lamps placed among flowers, or interwoven in garlands or festoons; for decorating Christmas trees or conservatories..." From there, the popularity of Christmas lights exploded. Before long, every family had them and they became synonymous with the Christmas tree. It's hard to imagine Christmas without Christmas lights. Last week’s Viewpoint takes Time Magazine to task for their recent articles’ short-sightedness in trying to build a case against home ownership. It’s a good read for anyone weighing the pros & cons of renting compared with buying… Before my birthday kick off party, I decided to visit a natural spring resort in Indang Cavite. The resort is called Villa Felomina Natural... Before my birthday kick off party, I decided to visit a natural spring resort in Indang Cavite. The resort is called Villa Felomina Natural Spring Resort. It features a beautiful infinity pool, a clean river and a refreshing mini waterfalls. Villa Felomina is a perfect venue for special occasion like birthday, family outing, friends reunion, team building, etc. If you want to stay overnight here, no need to worry, the resort offers rooms for solo, couple, small group and a big group. Their accommodation are all made of natural materials. Take a bus bound for Trece Cavite. You can find the bus near MRT TAFT. Tell the driver to drop you off in the area that has jeep bound for Indang. Fare is P57. Travel time is 1-2 hours. Then, take a jeepney bound for Indang. Tell the driver to drop you off in Jolibee Indang. Fare is P14. Travel time is 30 minutes to 45 minutes. From Indang proper, go to the tricycle terminal with the sign Federation of Indang. Take a tricycle and tell the driver to drop you off in Villa Filomena. Travel time is 10 minutes You can also take a bus bound for Dasmarinas Cavite. Tell the bus attendant to drop you off in Robinson Palapala. Then take a jeepney bound for Indang. Entrance fee is P150 for daytour and P210 for overnight. Day swimming is from 7AM to 5PM while night swimming is from 7PM to 5AM. Rooms are also available which rates range from P2500 to P7000. You can also rent cottage, gazebo and big kubo. I really enjoyed the water in the mini water falls. The water was very refreshing. For those who can't swim, don't worry guys because the water level in the river is below 5 feet. You can definitely jump into the water without hesitation. There's also a mini slide and tree swing that connects to the river. Avoid going to the resort every weekends or during holidays. Expect a lot of people swimming in the pool and river. If you have opinion, review or blog about this resort, please leave your comment below. Enjoy travelling guys :-) The record derives from WCSP (in review) which reports it as a synonym with original publication details: Paradisus 143 1998 . Since the WHA merger, just seven players have been first overall draft pick and won Stanley Cup for franchise that selected them. First Russian in group If the Capitals win, Alex Ovechkin would become just the seventh player since the WHA merger in 1979 to be the first overall pick in the draft to capture a Stanley Cup title for the franchise that selected him. Connections to Kenny Albert, Blake Bortles and grasshoppers NHL's newest franchise has a unique way of promoting itself by capitalizing on famous references to its city. Compare to original Marc-Andre Fleury wanted to leave a lasting legacy besides hockey in case this was his last season in Pittsburgh. Check out the selfless act Labels: clothing, fashion, food, italy, kitchen, menswear, music, new york, photography, restaurant, video, watch Labels: boston, clothing, crime, fashion, italy, meat, military, pacific, plane, restaurant, surfing Labels: art, burger, colonialism, food, jazz, latin culture, mexico, music, painting, philippines, poster, rich people, royalty, seafood, video, war Labels: fashion, freedom, italy, music, nature, new york, plant, rap, tailoring, video, women, youth Labels: art, brooklyn, death, fashion, food, france, illustration, opera, painting, photo, video, war, womenReimagined arena boasts bright, modern feel with custom wood-wrapped ceiling beams, more premium seating + tech perks Just four years ago, a survey of NBA teams’ fan experiences, from accommodations to concessions, ranked the Minnesota Timberwolves’ game day experience the worst in the league — but a new $145 million Target Center arena redesign has dramatically elevated locals’ perceptions. Architects from Alliiance and Sink Combs Dethlefs (now merged with Perkins+Will) spearheaded plans for a sleek architectural vision that included bringing more light into the arena, as well as a brighter, cleaner color palette, ample fan amenities, a new WiFi system and more premium sections. To achieve success on another, community-driven spectrum, Jeff Münneke, VP of the organization’s fan experience, attended the Disney Institute to learn how to apply Disney’s interactive and loyalty-based experience to the Timberwolves. What resulted was “1 Program,” anchored in the belief that one moment or interaction has the opportunity to leave a lasting impression on fans from customer service to the aesthetic design of the team’s home turf. With brand-new arena seating, a majestic three-story atrium, an oversized hanging scoreboard, and Hunter Douglas Architectural’s custom-engineered, wood-wrapped aluminum extruded wall and ceiling beams, Minneapolis’ renovated Target Center literally, from floor to ceiling, represents a total transformation from the aging 1990 facility that previously greeted Timberwolves enthusiasts. Architects worked with general contractor Mortenson Construction on the relatively quick turnaround project, which touched nearly every surface of the space. From stages of shop drawings to submittals to final installations, collaborators executed the bulk of the new Courtside Club design from roughly November 2016 to November 2017. And because any potential delays threatened to disrupt basketball season, it was particularly critical for the architects, contractors and manufacturers to communicate and create a seamless process, including in delivering materials to the bustling downtown Minneapolis site. Scott Gallop, of Twin City Acoustics, coordinated with Hunter Douglas Architectural to install standard, light wood-toned Deep Box Series panels in the entrance’s exterior and in the interior ticket lobby areas. Gallop’s team later installed the manufacturer’s more complex, high-style customized High Profile Series™ Frameworks ceiling system, a distinct design detail inside the club. With a race to the finish line, remarkably, Gallop says the whole team was able to meet their deadline by one day. Installing Hunter Douglas’ custom-designed, engineered and fabricated extruded Frameworks beams, which are roughly 24-feet high, meant working around assorted electrical and mechanical systems, and planning for some to be removable for future access to the deck. Twin City Acoustics installed the series of clips and beams with seamless joints, which had to be mitered correctly to fit the perimeter framework. The architect envisioned a more open, brighter space with wood-wrapped beams traversing from the ceiling down to the wall, adding a wood look to warm to what was then a dark and aging facility. For practical purposes, it was also important that the elements be lightweight. Gallop explains, “It was a vision that the architect had and Hunter Douglas was able to put it together” by custom-engineering the Frameworks system. “Ultimately we didn’t really change anything that the architect wanted, we just figured out a way to do it. Sometimes, that’s the best way things can happen – we get an architect’s vision and they allow us the latitude to get it done.” He explains that the architects provided Hunter Douglas drawings showing bays of arranged light wood-wrapped extruded beams, which in-house experts engineered – and later adjusted when the architects changed plans to create the walls from durable structural steel that was then in-filled with Hunter Douglas’ aluminum beams. This area features 970-sq.-ft. of screen wall beams and 3,352-sq.ft. of aluminum ceiling beams of varying lengths. “The end result was stunning,” Gallop smiles, “You can’t do that out of bent metal – that needed to be done out of a real heavy extruded system that was wood-wrapped.” “The architects really wanted wood and that’s what we gave them,” says Gallop, who adds that on the manufacturing side, Hunter Douglas Architectural’s in-house team of engineers “are the only people that can do a wood-wrapped beam like that.” He recalls other manufacturers “wanted to go with a painted faux finish which looks okay, but it’s not a real wood, and some powder-coated finishes, if you’re a few feet away, really do look like wood, but it’s still not wood.” In the end, by meeting the architect’s original concept, Gallop says, “everything worked beautifully and everybody’s happy.” Gallop is quick to credit Hunter Pope, Hunter Douglas’ architectural ceilings sales manager, with interpreting the architectural drawings, engineering the large-scale ceiling system and accurately mitering each beam. “Hunter Pope is outstanding. It was an engineering marvel that this all got installed as soon as it did and as easily as it did,” Gallop notes. More than ever, Pope says architects are coming to contractors and manufacturers with highly specific visions and needs, and are relying on manufacturers’ ability to apply a signature application to a standard product. This dynamic also trickles down to the manufacturers’ need to maintain close working relationships with installers like Twin City Acoustics, who he says “were easy to work with and made it a lot better to do this job.” “With Target Center I had a lot of involvement with the architect, so I knew their design intent,” Pope recalls. Hunter Douglas was already awarded the Deep Box Series project at Target Center’s entrance. This was far less complicated yet still required a degree of nimbleness: it features a standard carrier system for Deep Box panels, which are 1-inch deep, but here, the architect actually wanted 2.5-inch deep panels. Overall Pope says, “there were no real challenges with that – it was pretty simple, but there were miles and miles of it.” For the Lexus Courtside Club area, after architects searched and came up empty-handed, they circled back to the Hunter Douglas team, looking for a manufacturer that could develop the wood-wrapped peaked ceiling elements and in-fill wall beams system within their time frame. High Profile Series™ Frameworks fit the ticket and allowed for maximum design flexibility. New to the marketplace, Frameworks was designed to give architects more creative freedom with a customizable series of bays and pods of beams that formed seamlessly connected “peaks and valleys” with concealed joints. The system, which had just been installed in national Target liquor stores and in Gensler’s redesigned concourse of Nassau Coliseum, offered a new solution that met the architect’s original design intent. “While it didn’t start with this project, the idea behind Frameworks was that we kept seeing a trend towards these floating bays and pods, whether it be linear, beams, panels, it didn’t matter, it was about this trend of, rather than going wall-to-wall, creating a pod or a floating ceiling cloud,” says Pope. The system strikes the perfect balance between letting angled beams be a transparent and eye-grabbing design element, while keeping the mechanics of connecting joints unexposed. “With this job, we saw just another challenge that we wanted to tackle – it was more complex, it had more angles, they were sloping in two different directions and there were a lot more brackets, miters and different angle cuts, but in the end, we had to conceal all of that in order to make it look like a floating pod, so that’s the idea behind Frameworks here,” says Pope, adding, “There’s no standard for it – it can be extremely basic or extremely customizable.” From New York’s Nassau Coliseum to Minneapolis’ Target Center to Detroit’s Little Caesars arena, architects are increasingly experimenting with transforming ideas for traditional sports venues by adding a wood look above concourses and courts. “The wood gives it more of a homey, light feeling,” says Pope, as opposed to being in a space that’s traditionally dominated by “harsh colors” and darker grays, blues and blacks. “It gives it more of an intimate feeling when you’re in these spaces… Most people think of an arena as this big, structural steel place, and so you want to go into certain environments and make it so it doesn’t feel so harsh. Wood has always offered that warm feeling.” He also attributes the uptick in sports venue designers specifying wood-wrapped aluminum beams due to the lightness of material that can be delivered without compromising aesthetics. “It looks the exact same as a real piece of wood. It doesn’t matter if it’s veneer or decorated or film, it has that essence of it being a wood feel in that environment,” says Pope. He explains that using metal or light-gauge aluminum with a wood finish works well in massive arena-like settings where architects must account for heavy loads and prefer less weight adding pressure on the plenum yet ultimately still want to see their design goals met. At Minneapolis’ reimagined Target Center, Pope says, “You can’t even tell that it’s wood on metal – that’s something that Hunter Douglas prides itself on.” Dan Spiegel, a 2018 Architectural League Prize recipient: “Objectives are defined by how the work is viewed at a particular moment in time”To the new year and Christmas holidays are turned into trouble for your Pets, be aware of some precautions. If the house cat, it is not necessary to decorate the Christmas tree or tinsel rain. Cats love to play with Christmas decorations, and they can be swallowed – especially attracted by the rain. Such incidents are dangerous for the animal. Is that the cat itself gets rid of the whole lump of rain with vomiting. But most of the rain in the sky, in a long thread across the intestine and you can only get him surgically. Fireworks – the whole ordeal for some dogs. Since the holidays we have delayed for a long time, particularly susceptible animals is carried out in tension for one week. To prepare for the New year your pet using homeopathic remedies. For example, the use of the drug phosphorus-Homaccord will reduce the excitability of the dog. But to start it should be about a month before the New year. Other dogs rather like to hunt for firecrackers. Running up too close to them, the dog can get a concussion, injury, burns or even injuries. It is better to leave your dog at home when you go to launch fireworks. In the winter, don’t forget to monitor your Pets ‘ paws – dog walking on city streets often suffer from dermatitis of the pads because of the special road chemicals and salt. To avoid this, wear dogs shoes or after each outing, rinse paws with soap and water and lubricate emollients. At the pet store you can buy a special balm for paws.Finland A consortium formed by YIT and Are and Länsimetro Oy have signed an agreement on the construction of the Kaitaa station on the West Metro line in Espoo. The value of the contract is approximately EUR 47 million, whereof YIT’s share is approximately EUR 33 million. The contract includes constructing the Kaitaa metro station, a service tunnel with connecting tunnels, an underground air-raid shelter as well as the Kaitaantie entrance, the Iivisniemi technical shaft and a reservation for the Iivisniemenkallio entrance, where a technical shaft will be built first. The construction will begin in September 2018 and is scheduled for completion in May 2022. The project is booked in YIT’s order backlog in the third quarter of 2018. YIT is the biggest single constructor of the West Metro. For Phase 1 of the West Metro, YIT has built the Aalto University, Tapiola, Niittykumpu and Matinkylä stations as well as done excavation work for tunnels and stations in Ruoholahti, Lauttasaari, Koivusaari, Keilaniemi, Otaniemi, Urheilupuisto, Niittykumpu and Matinkylä. For Phase 2, YIT has done excavation and enforcement work for the Finnoo metro station and is currently constructing the Soukka metro station, scheduled for completion in February 2022. ”Our professional personnel, strong experience in rock construction and good co-operation with Are have contributed to the result we were hoping for in the competitive tendering for the West Metro. We are extremely happy for that in the second phase of the West Metro, we will be able to construct the Kaitaa station as a project management contract, in addition to the Soukka station. The collaborative way of working and close co-operation with the client form an excellent basis for a successful project,” comments Anne Piiparinen, Senior Vice President of Industrial and structural engineering of YIT’s Infrastructure projects segment. Finland VVT Property Fund I Ky acquires the Martinlaakson Ostari shopping centre from a fund managed by Cerberus Capital Management. Finland Conficap acquires three office properties located in Pitäjänmäki, Helsinki from a fund managed by Aberdeen Standard Investments. Finland Trevian invests in Turku. Amalia Pöyry, Fund Manager, tells Nordic Property News what makes Turku interesting to Trevian and the company’s future in the city. Finland Cibus has signed the acquisition of a portfolio of six daily-goods properties in Finland. In conjunction with the transaction, Cibus has refinanced one of its three senior-loan facilities. Finland The Board of Directors of Citycon has appointed F. Scott Ball as Citycon’s new CEO. Henrica Ginström becomes new COO. Finland Sagax acquires a warehouse property in the Vantaa, Helsinki and two propertis in Eindhoven in the Netherlands. Finland The Pareto company Cibus has had a very successful start since the giant acquisition of grocery stores in Finland. Despite this they have now chosen to replace their CEO. Chairman Patrick Gylling tells Nordic Property News about the change in CEO , the company’s new phase and why they are considering another CEO located in Sweden. Finland Technopolis’ coworking network, UMA Workspace, is expanding now in the Baltic capitals. New UMA Workspaces will open in the city centers of Tallinn, Estonia and Vilnius, Lithuania in mid-2019. Nordic Property News uses cookies to improve your experience. By using Nordic Property News you approve of our use of cookies and our Integrity Policy. Water features are an essential part of your landscaping. Whether you have a fish pond or a stunning, cascading waterfall feature enhancing your curb appeal, it’s important to preserve this feature when the weather gets a little cooler during the fall and winter seasons. Small water features often include structures such as a fountain or bird bath. While you may assume that these features only require minimal care, you’re partially right. Small water features may take up less space, but you still need to drain the water and cover the fountains and bird baths. It’s recommended that you clean the feature thoroughly to remove any mold or water spots. Water features with pumps, though, do require more careful planning. If the Georgia weather is expected to dip below freezing, make sure your pumps are submerged in water. Store a lightweight, small water feature in a dry area, such as a garage, shed, or indoor basement. While you may love to admire the fish or plants occupying your large water features, when fall and winter roll around, it’s necessary to winterize the features. Begin the process by weeding and cleaning plants within the large water feature. As the weather cools and the temperature drops below 55 degrees, stop feeding any fish within the water feature. Tropical plants should be stored in watertight buckets to avoid damage. If you have fish living in your water features, invest in a bubbler so the water maintains proper oxygenation. When the Georgia weather gets colder, you may also want to add a floating de-icer to the large water feather to further protect the fish. Maintain the beauty and prime condition of your water features with the help of the experts at North Georgia Lawn Care. Contact us today at 678-508-0050. Cumbrian baker to judge at inaugural Tiptree World Bread Awards USA - North West Food and Drink Means Business Multi-award winning baker Aidan Monks, of Lovingly Artisan, who operates from Kendal and Manchester, travelled to New York at the weekend, to judge in the inaugural US edition of the Tiptree World Bread Awards. Monks joined a panel of over 30 esteemed judges, gathering at the Dumbo Loft, Brooklyn, on 23rd October, for the awards in association with Food is GREAT, supported by the American Bakers Association. The judging panel includes the likes of Lauren Dickerson, the British Vice-Consul, for Food and Drink based in New York and acclaimed award American bakers Zachary Golper and Peiwen Lee. Once the judges make their decisions the US category winners of the Tiptree World Bread Awards with Food is GREAT, will be announced and each winner, chosen from hundreds of entries in the 13 awards categories, will receive a bespoke trophy and will then be invited to attend a lavish gala evening being held in New York. Monks owner of Lovingly Artisan commented: ‘’Having been inspired to become a baker when studying in Boston I know how creative the American artisan baking industry is, especially as they have been at the forefront of baking innovation for years. “In my time since my US studies I’ve won numerous awards, including a raft of World Bread Awards, so I can really appreciate what these bakers are putting themselves through in crafting their very best breads for the judging process. “So it’s no surprise that I’m really looking forward to seeing what my American counterparts are capable of crafting and as a result, I will be digging a little deeper than most into their understanding of the processes involved in creating nourishing, tasty breads, full of flavour and character.’’ Monks added: ‘’I firmly hope that the inaugural US edition of the Tiptree World Bread Awards with Food is GREAT becomes a focal point for the whole baking industry and provides the opportunity to celebrate both the individuals and the businesses who are at the cutting edge of the USA’s artisan bakery scene.’’ The judges will meet again to announce the overall winner at a gala evening at the Landmark on the Park, Manhattan, on Wednesday 14th November, with industry experts, members of the press and leading figures from the world of food and drink amongst the guests. We launched Lancashare on Lancashire Day in 2016, the last 2 years have been incredible - big thanks to all those who've supported our journey! See you on 27.11.18 for our annual business celebration! Can you see your amazing produce on these plates, in this photo? If you can,give me a shout and let's see what amazing images we can create for you & your brand! Open Your Own Business! The Farmers Market & Craft Centre boasts over 40 unique shops & businesses including food shops, Foodies Festival Christmas kicks off the festive season at Tatton Park 16,17,18 November Foodies Festival, Cheshire’s favourite food festival, kicks Means Business Publishing Ltd is a Private Limited Company registered in England and Wales registered number 10759137 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Cookie PolicyCharles Deas Sho-ko-ne-ka Little Hill, painting Authorized official website | Charles Deas in 2018 | Pinterest | Art, Native american art and Western art Soybeans, besides being a highly nutritious food, are a very versatile food in the kitchen, with them you can make all kinds dishes, desserts, yoghurts , burgers , pies , soups , etc. . Soy is recommended to prevent heart problems, is highly rich in phytoestrogens that regulates the flow of female hormones and is an excellent source of protein which makes it an ideal complement in vegetarian diets. In a saucepan, place the starch with 100 or 200 cc of cold soy milk to dissolve it, taking care of avoiding lumps. Prepare cream dessert recipe (above) without sugar, and season with salt , pepper and grated cheese to taste. Mix some cream with selected vegetables and then add the rest of the cream to form a thin film on the surface. Au gratin baking and out complete with garlic and parsley or some species as oregano or basil ( fresh or dried ) Place the flour with the butter on the counter or in a suitable bowl and mix with hands until a sort of "sand " . Click on various parts and cook in the microwave or conventional oven preheated (20 minutes on high in the microwave) . Turn in half the time. Place 1 teaspoon of filling in the center of the small square and close by joining 4 points finger tight . In roasting pan with margarine brushstroke, cooking baked until golden. Soy recipes3 Mexican Recipes with Textured SoyTofu RecipesBlack Soy RecipesTempeh RecipesSoybean Sprout recipesDessert Recipes with TofuRecipes with Vegetarian HamSix Soya recipesTextured Soy RecipesFive Tofu RecipesMiso recipesRecipes for children with Vegetarian SausagesLearn to cook with Tofu	 Oh my gosh!!! I have been looking for a vegetarian empanada recipe for SO long! I'm so excited to have read this article, I can't wait to try it out! I'll definitely have to give the dessert cream recipe a shot too. I'm making a lot of food for Thanksgiving tomorrow, so I won't get to the empanadas for a while, but I'll let you know how they go! Empanadas are pretty delicious and you can prepare them with almost all ingredients, salty of sweet and using soy to combine with this food is pretty clever, with this you can make awesome and very nutritive dishes for the whole family, including children who love the sweet recipes This Site uses Cookies. Cookies are files stored in your browser and are used by most websites to help you personalize your web experience. More information. Accept Surimi (which means "minced fish muscle") is a concentrated fish with added salt and other additives. It has high nutritional properties, is very versatile, making it ideal in warm weather, can be used to prepare salads, cocktails, soups, rice dishes, sushi, etc.. It is very economical and from Japanese origin, it was produced by artisanal fishermen with fish that were not salable because they were very small, with many thorns or soft, etc.., in order to market them. The better quality surimi is one that is whiter and less smelly. Split surimi bars into two of and finite shred, spread on a platter and put soy sauce (tamari) with a little salt, add the cream and mayonnaise to cover the surimi, it is according to your taste. Add peas and grains of corn (without water from the can), and the very finite, diced pineapple, stir well and taste for salt, if desired you can also make carrot cooked or canned pineapple or replace by the cucumber. Finely chop the onion, tomato, seeded, cilantro and peppers. Place Surimi in bowl and mix with the vegetables, peel, juice, oil, salt and pepper. Let the salad stand at least 30 minutes under refrigeration before serving. Place the seaweed on the table by covering it with a layer of rice about half a centimeter tall. Fill with avocado, surimi, cucumber and cheese into thin slices; accommodate the filling of 3 cm horizontally. Mix the cold mashed with chopped surimi and other ingredients in a bowl, reserving the egg and bread crumbs. Take small portions with hands shaping meatballs and crushing them to pass through the beaten egg and breadcrumbs twice each. Appetizer RecipesRecipes rich in vitamin B2 (riboflavin)Ideas and Tips for making your Desserts lighterGelatin recipes with Milk3 Low-Carb Dinner RecipesRecipes rich in Vitamin B1 (thiamine)Flaxseed RecipesPaiche RecipesLight and Healthy Breakfasts to Start the Day WellRecipes and foods rich in phosphorusLearn to Make Carbohydrate-Rich BreakfastsRecipes for preparing Dressings, Dips and SaucesRecipes and diet for children and people with Leukemia3 Irresistible egg and dairy-free cake recipesFall Recipes with ApplesRecipes with Kuzu (Kudzu)Recipes and diet for people with HypotensionDiet and vegetarian recipes for elderly peopleDessert Recipes with TapiocaPanela cheese recipes (fresh)Alfalfa Sprouts recipesVegetarian Pate RecipesEasy recipes to eat in your officeDelicious Recipes with Annatto	 I've never heard of surimi food before, but it sounds amazing!! I love trying new, epsecially ethnic foods, and these recipes are definitely right up my ally! I love that all the recipes use fairly common ingredients, and for ost of them, I wouldn't even need to make a special trip to the store. I already have them at home! its taste is very similar to the original one, and it is a lot way cheaper than the normal crab, so getting it is a good idea if you are going to prepare something that really requires many crab meat in it, almost all of these recipes need that so keep in mind when choosing original or imitation I didn?t know about this kind of food and now I?m curious about it, so maybe you could tell me where can I find surimi? I?m interested in the taste since it says it is really salty and well of course the idea of finding a new healthy food motivates my mind! Hey, thanx for the recipes. I cooked (if such can be called cooking) the "tacos dorados de surimi". And they are really delicious. My family loved it, but only a bit of advice: Instead of mixing the mayonnaise and the "chipotle" chili with all the other ingredients, cook only the surimi with the onion n garlic using butter N oil. Then by mashing the chili at the same time you mix it with the mayonnaise youll get a delicious kind of dip sauce. Thank u again.Filet De Scurit Pour Rampe D Escalier is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at February 27, 2018 upload by Mayya Rooner in Maison Moderne Design. You can download Filet De Scurit Pour Rampe D Escalier in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper. I am so tired of hearing how John made one thousand dollars into millions, or Jake took a hundred dollars and turned it into riches, and once you get towards the end of the article they are trying to sell you some type of trading program. My first objection is if you have made so much money trading stocks why do you need to charge me a hundred dollars a month for this amazing software you praise about. Allot of these trader articles forget to mention what not to do when you trade stocks, trading stocks is very risky and no matter where you start from there will be growing pains. What I want to highlight is mistakes to avoid, which should minimize your risk and loss. Never use real money when starting out, this is the most common mistake made by a beginner trader. Instead use a practice paper trading account, this way you get used to the way I will cover these individual topics in my later articles to avoid creating any confusion. This is not even a quarter of the vital information you need to actually be successful at stock trading. Let’s not forget this is just like anything else, if you don’t work at it and educate yourself your success rate would be greatly reduced. Let’s highlight what is the typical stock transaction. Person A puts an order inn to buy 5,000 shares at $1 per share, Person B on the selling side puts a 5,000 block of shares they want to sell at $1.05. Just like any other type of sales transaction until all parties involved are not happy with the proposed numbers it is a waiting game. Now let’s not forget the middle men, who are the middle man in this transaction. The Market Maker, a MMs main goal and reason for existence is to keep the price of a given security from rising or dropping at a rapid pace. They are here to create a stable market, now keep in mind this does not always work out in your favor. Sometimes MMs fall out to fast, or it is said they tend to short the stock creating a downward price per share. Now keep in mind this statement “they tend to short the stock creating a downward price per share” is just a common trader meth so please don’t read into it too much.Yard Dumpster Cheap Rental Pittsburgh Pa published on decoration. which is part of the decoration collection. It’s full resolution is 920x413 Pixels. Healthcare is entering a second wave of digitisation which moves beyond electronic medical records ... NetScout System, a provider of business assurance, service assurance, cybersecurity, and business intelligence solutions, ... VXFIBER, the Swedish provider of Fibre-to-the-Home (FTTH) Open Access solutions, has partnered with Stoke-on-Trent ... One of the beauties of the Internet is finding information like this out on the web. People come in with their own diagnosis. Sometimes they're right, sometimes they're off just a little bit. One that people miss a lot is thoracic outlet syndrome. They find they have numbness and pain tingling in their hands and they think, I have carpal tunnel. Carpal tunnel affects these three fingers. It won't affect the entire hand. If people are feeling like their hand is going to sleep, it's kind of achy especially first thing in. The morning or in the middle of the night. One of the things it could be having is thoracic outlet syndrome. One of the most common places that it occur is the pec minor comes across the shoulder. That arteries coming out of the neck, down across underneath that muscle down the arm. What we're going to end up with is that muscle spasms and tightness, the compression on that artery. With the blood flow being decreased, the little pain sensors in your finger are feeling it. You move your shoulder around and the pain disappears. That's going to indicate. Obese ! Help ! Police ! Selfie... 2016.Androgen deficiency also known as hypoandrogenism and androgen deficiency syndrome, is a medical condition characterized by not enough androgenic..I just recently upgraded my web hosting and all of my sites were moved over to a new dedicated IP. Ever since my hosting provider made the switch over, I have not been able to log in to my piwik analytics. When I try to log in, all it does is refresh the log in page. Nothing else happens. No error message. Nothing. It just refreshes the page, but I’m never able to actually log in to the Piwik dashboard. Does anyone know why this may be happening? Did something change with the database that I need to update? you should hosting company help because sometimes hosting configuration makes problem and php version too. It sounds as if the database connection parameters, kept in the “configs/config.ini.php” file might now be incorrect. This is a plain text file that you can download with an FTP client, edit with a text editor, and then upload again. Feel free to try again installing with the latest 2.15.0 beta version which includes many fixes and improvements, see: I would like to test early beta and RC releases, how do I enable automatic updates to use these development versions? - Analytics Platform - Matomo If you still have a problem, please create an issue on our tracker GitHub - matomo-org/piwik: Liberating Web Analytics. Star us on Github? +1. Matomo is the leading open alternative to Google Analytics that gives you full control over your data. Matomo lets you easily collect data from websites, apps & the IoT and visualise this data and extract insights. Privacy is built-in. We love Pull Requests! Машина полностью в комплектном состоянии, до меня не вскрывалась тк штатный замок хорошо держит крышкуThe Generic City is the city liberated from the captivity of the centre, from the straitjacket of identity (…). If it gets too small, it expands. If it gets old, it self-destructs and renews (…) it can produce a new identity every Monday morning.A number of people walk through Kreschatik, main city street in Kiev,Ukraine. Wreckage of buildings, ruined in 1941 during German invasion is seen as people pass by the street. Women shop at a food store. Salami being weighed as the meter indicates the weight and is then wrapped in paper. Foodstuffs are seen at the counter Women buy canned food from the store.Copyright © 2018 Pop-Up Parts. Powered by Zen Cart. Mobile Friendly Zen cart templates by Picaflor Azul. If you are first time on Poputrade.com,we do not suggest you pay us by western union and Paypal will be better and safer for you. A new cybersecurity system developed by researchers at the Georgia Institute of Technology and known as Refinable Attack INvestigation (RAIN) will provide forensic investigators a detailed record of an intrusion, even if the attackers attempted to cover their tracks. Image shows a schematic of how the system prunes information about system operation. Until now, assessing the extent and impact of network or computer system attacks has been largely a time-consuming manual process. A new software system being developed by cybersecurity researchers at the Georgia Institute of Technology will largely automate that process, allowing investigators to quickly and accurately pinpoint how intruders entered the network, what data they took and which computer systems were compromised. Known as Refinable Attack INvestigation (RAIN), the system will provide forensic investigators a detailed record of an intrusion, even if the attackers attempted to cover their tracks. The system provides multiple levels of detail, facilitating automated searches through information at a high level to identify the specific events for which more detailed data is reproduced and analyzed. "You can go back and find out what has gone wrong in your system, not just at the point where you realized that something is wrong, but far enough back to figure out how the attacker got into the system and what has been done," said Wenke Lee, co-director of Georgia Tech's Institute for Information Security & Privacy. The research, supported largely by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) and also by the National Science Foundation and Office of Naval Research, is scheduled to be reported October 31 at the 2017 ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security (CCS). Existing forensic techniques can provide detailed information about the current status of computers and networks; from that information, investigators can then attempt to infer how attacks unfolded. Digital logs maintained by the systems provide some information about attacks, but because of concerns about data storage issues, usually don't record enough detail. Other programs provide snapshots in time, but those snapshots may miss important details of an attack. The RAIN system continuously monitors a system and logs events that it recognizes as potentially interesting. That ability to selectively record information likely to be useful later allows a trade-off between realistic overhead -- in terms of system performance and data storage -- and useful levels of detail. The system "effectively prunes out unrelated processes and determines attack causality with negligible false positive rates," the authors wrote in their conference paper. In addition to its selectivity in recording events, RAIN creates a multi-level review capability that is coarse at first, then more detailed when specific events of interest are identified. Timing of the activities -- the inputs, environment and resulting actions -- are also synchronized to help investigators understand a complex sequence of activities. "During the replay of an event, we use binary dynamic instrumentation tools to do the extraction of the appropriate information," said Taesoo Kim, an assistant professor in Georgia Tech's School of Computer Science and one of the paper's co-authors. "We organize information in a hierarchical way, and for each level apply a different type of automated analysis. At the deepest layer, we can tell what happened at the byte level." The hierarchical approach allows still more flexibility in how the analysis is done after an attack. "These fine-grained analyses, which can be extremely useful when investigating an attack, would be too expensive to perform on a deployed system; but our hierarchical approach allows us to run these analysis off-line, and only when necessary," said Alessandro Orso, associate chair of Georgia Tech's School of Computer Science and another co-author. Even with RAIN's selectivity, storing the relevant information requires significant capacity, but the advent of inexpensive storage makes that practical, said Kim. For instance, an average desktop computer might generate four gigabytes of system data per day, less than two terabytes per year. That amount of storage can now be purchased for as little as $50 per year. Assessing the damage done by intruders now often takes weeks or months. Beyond accelerating that process, RAIN could help the operators of high-value military or commercial computer networks continually improve their security by providing a level of visibility that is impossible today, Lee said. "When this is deployed, organizations can have complete transparency, or visibility, about what went wrong," he explained. "The operators of any network housing important data would want to have something like this to replace a manual process with a much more precise and automated technique." The research team is in the third year of a four-year project funded by DARPA. Additional improvements are being made to the system with a goal of transitioning it to industry. "This would likely become an independent system that does the logging and interface for other security systems to understand what has happened," Lee explained. "This could be the first product that actually logs the necessary information to reconstruct, or replay, and analyze events that have happened on a computer system, for the first time enabling automated forensics." In addition to those already mentioned, the research team included Yang Ji, Sangho Lee, Evan Downing, Weiren Wang and Mattia Fazzini, all from Georgia Tech. This research was supported by the NSF under awards CNS-0831300, CNS-1017265, DGE-1500084, CCF-1548856, CNS-1563848, SFS-1565523, CRI-1629851, CNS-1704701, CCF-0541080, and CCR-0205422; by the ONR through grants N000140911042 and N000141512162, and by DARPA TC through grants FA8650-15-C-7556 and HR0011-16-C-0059, NRF BSRP/MOE 2017R1A6A3A03002506. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the sponsor agencies.The game was at Clarion University’s Tippin Gym, not a good omen for a DCC team that had lost six in a row at Tippin including twice during the season. And it looked like loss No. 7 was well on its way to happening when Kennedy took an 18-point lead with just over 13 minutes to play. But then DCC did something amazing, almost unbelievable. Something few people in the crowd of nearly 3,500 will ever forget. They went on a 19-0 run to take the lead late in the third quarter. But that comeback looked like it would go for naught when Kennedy took a 3-point lead into the final minute of play. But DCC won’t quit then either scoring the game’s final four points including a dramatic 2-foot jumper by Andrew Welch off a pass from Dom Varacallo with just over two seconds left to win the game. That shot could go down as the greatest in DCC history, and the comeback surely ranks among some of the best in Pennsylvania scholastic basketball playoff history. 1950, Dec 30. The biggest comeback in college basketball history occurred when Duke trailed Tulane by 31 points, 58-27 with 19 minutes left, but Dick Groat from Swissvale H. S. (near Pittsburgh) led the Duke comeback for the victory. Groat later was a star shortstop for the Pittsburgh Pirates. 1961, Medfield College trailed Rutland College 46-3 at the half and came back to win 47-46 in the movie, "The Absent Minded Professor." Propelled by flubber (a heretofor unknown substance) in their sneakers during the second half, the Medfield players acquired a unique jumping ability which helped them to make their comeback for the win. Believe it, or not! This photo was taken earlier in the season (1/27/07) when DuBois Catholic defeated Elk County Catholic 69-68 to snap a 49 game winning streak that had been rung up by Elk County over two years. It was quite a year for DuBois Catholic!We welcome the opportunity to consult with prospective clients prior to scheduling recording sessions. A few hundred plums and a week without an Internet connection … what’s a girl stuck in the hills of Portugal to do? There’s an early hint of fall in the air and the stores are full of temptingly new notebooks and pens. The grape leaves that frame our balcony are turning red and I’ve started […] By Tango | Posted in Eat | Tagged german plum cake, hefeteig, pflaumenkuchen, yeast dough | Comments (11) This is 8000 clicks between 2 chicks. esquerda (left) is ~t~ in portugal | direita (right) is ~d~ in vancouver .tNb By Tango | Posted in chick{8000clicks}chick | Tagged bowl, chickchick, fruit, green, peach, photoblog, photography, sugar, sugar snap, summer, yellow | Comments (7)Beth Keegstra, an emergency room physician at El Camino Hospital in Los Gatos, California, was suspended by hospital officials after a video where she was seen berating a patient complaining of an anxiety attack went viral on Facebook. In an interview with SFGate, Donald Bardwell explained that his son has an existing history of anxiety attacks, for which he takes Klonopin, a sedative used by people who suffer from anxiety, panic attacks, and seizures. Last Monday, Samuel Bardwell, aged 20, was right in the middle of his basketball practice when he suddenly suffered an anxiety attack. Beth Keegstra, is awaiting her fate after the video was released, showing her doubting Samuel Bardwell's account of his symptoms after he had to be rushed to the ER by his father. "You have changed your story every fucking time", she told Bardwell toward the end of the clip. Then she turned to Samuel Bardwell and asks, "Are you dead, sir?". She said the young patient was the least ill of all the other people who were there, and that he could get up. He said her "demeanor was unprofessional and not the standard we require of all who provide care through El Camino Hospital", according to the network. Therefore, she had been removed from the working schedule, and the hospital officials are now performing more investigations on the matter. In the video, Bardwell is heard telling the doctor that Samuel had vomited and "was going in an out of consciousness" during the episode. "And I said, 'What do you mean you people?' ..." She begins to yank Mr Bardwell's arm in an attempt to make him sit up, prompting the student to reveal he is struggling to breathe. "That's why I started the video", he said, adding he held his cellphone at chest-level and was not trying to be surreptitious about videotaping the interaction. Oppo made the Find X official and it seems the phone is a direct response to the Vivo X21 that was unveiled just a few weeks back. The Find X's design has some potential drawbacks, though they're hard to assess without actually using the phone for some time. In a statement Tuesday night the Manitoba government said it's satisfied it has the legal authority to move ahead with that plan. According to the MailOnline , each province in Canada is now coming up with rules for the sale of recreational marijuana . Peru will be stronger than Australia and we will have to be ready and Denmark will be stronger than Peru too. The Frenchman said: 'I'm not going to complain about VAR because it was in our favour obviously . Dr. Keegstra, who was employed by Vituity and was under contract to the hospital, is no longer allowed to work at the El Camino hospital. Responds Keegstra in turn, 'He can't inhale!' "They just were not taking care of me from the beginning". On more than one occasion, the Los Gatos ER doc ordered Samuel to get off the consultation table despite the boy telling her that he was unable to walk. "In my mind", he told the network, "I don't think she should be practicing medicine at all because if it's not a race thing and she treats everybody that way, then that's a problem". The Spurs striker admitted there had been some nerves present beforehand in the camp, but was full of praise for the team . Eleven minutes in, Tunisia goalkeeper Mouez Hassen parried a John Stones header and Kane finished easily from close range.	 But if you scratch beneath the surface with England , you will not find much depth in the goal scoring department outside of Kane. Panama will be a chance for further goals Watch the reaction of England fans to Harry Kane's last-gasp victor against Tunisia.	 It was also possible she was backing the president's recent claim that Democrats in Congress were responsible for the situation. The current policy stems from the Trump administration's " zero tolerance " toward people crossing the border illegally.	 Rescue workers are battling rain and high winds to try to reach any remaining survivors from Monday's accident. Indonesian rescuers are searching for more than 100 people missing after a ferry sank on a lake in Sumatra.	 AMC operates approximately 1,000 theaters and 11,000 screens worldwide, including 18 locations in Alabama. You can see movies you've already seen again if you desire, or watch all new ones.	 England pipped their own record against Pakistan of 444 runs which was achieved in 2016 at Nottingham . Quickest 50 by an Englishman: Eoin Morgan's 21 balls-50 is the quickest fifty by an England batsman.	 Here's a look at The Best of The Best - the top all-time National Basketball Association picks in each of the top 30 draft spots. But the 19-year-old later added that getting to his second contract would likely indicate that his team thrived on the court.	 The 71-year-old Tabarez is the oldest coach at the tournament and also led Uruguay to the World Cup semifinals in 2010. It is set to face Luis Suarez's Uruguay on Wednesday before concluding group play next week against Egypt.	 Condemning the US pull out now, influential NGO Human Rights Watch called President Trump's human rights policy "one-dimensional". Critics say this sends a message that the administration turns a blind eye to human rights abuses in some parts of the world.	 Diego Costa was the star against Portugal with a brace, but Iran are likely to be rather more compact than the European champions. Iran had a goal disallowed after a VAR review, while Mehdi Taremi was among those to miss chances for Carlos Queiroz's side.	 Leonard was reportedly supposed to meet with Popovich last week to resolve the tension, but it never happened. The Spurs do not have to facilitate a trade to the Lakers simply because that's Leonard's preference.	 Amnesty International branded the action "nothing short of torture" and Apple's chief executive Tim Cook called it "inhumane". Senator Pat Roberts, from Kansas, said he is "against using parental separation as a deterrent to illegal immigration".	 Spain have to win just like Portugal have to against Morocco . "We're nearly there (knockout stages) and then we'll see". Pepe , whose team face Morocco later today, said it was an honour to play alongside Cristiano . The full extent of his actions are not yet clear, but what he has admitted to so far is pretty bad. The employee is said to have been upset over a promotion that he didn't receive, Musk added. The lovely moment, which caused Eva to stand up excitedly to greet her man, was caught by Melanie Griffith. "I don't have any cravings". The bride was Princess Diana's niece, so she's Prince Harry and Prince William's cousin. Prince Louis' older siblings Prince George and Princess Charlotte . It has been a busy month for Meghan Markle , from her wedding to her first official engagements as the Duchess of Sussex . Some black heels were a simple finishing touch that paired perfectly with the detailing on her hat. One clip of the clean-up operation, shared by Argentinean channel TyC Sports, has been viewed more than 4 million times . Senegal ended up beating Poland 2-1 at the Spartak Stadium in Moscow, Russia on Tuesday. For Instagram , which also announced Wednesday that it passed 1 billion users, IGTV is its most significant new feature to date. It will give Facebook more opportunities to sell advertising. He carded a massive 10 on the par four on way to a 81 that effectively left him out of the title hunt at +17. Koepka drained it, took a two-shot lead on Fleetwood, and about a half-hour later, a second straight U.S. He said he was shocked he won best villain saying, "I thought for sure Roseanne had that in the bag". Actor Chris Pratt has some biblical - and humorous - words of advice for the next generation . Well, I can't really tell if it was because Senegal were playing to instructions and were being more tactical. It's a speedy, confident side and they proved on Tuesday that it can make even more noise in this tourney. Description Letter: From Chairman, U.S. Senate Committee on Appropriations, February 13, 1963 (carbon copy) Description Caption is on the lower left front margin of the card: "Sabbath Day Lake, New Gloucester, Me." Preceeding it is the printed number 75. Inscriptions Don't you wish we were up here now. Haven't flirted a bit. This is my last day have had a fine time will write when I get home. Louise.; Miss Edith Pickering, 10 Ashmont Park, Melrose, Mass. Alternative Title Otterbein Girls' Building. Constructed in 1844. Brick burned on farm, Union Village, OhioWhether large or small, the main difference between enemies in modern action-oriented RPGs has always just been the number of their hitpoints. Legend – Hand of God, the new action RPG by ANACONDA and Master Creating breaks with this tradition, setting new standards. Thanks to the innovative Cinematic Combat System, orcs, ogres, trolls, goblins and their ilk will all be fought heroically in their own right. The Cinematic Combat System makes every monster brawl special: in Legend, gamers won’t use their sword to tickle giant enemies at the knees anymore, but will fight them in a challenging and realistic manner – and in beautiful, spectacular 3D graphics. At the same time, Legend – Hand of God remains just as easy to control as other action RPGs. The impressive graphics are provided by an in-house engine, tailored specifically for the needs of an action RPG. Randomly generated dungeons and a manually crafted world on the surface bring the fantasy universe of Legend – Hand of God to life. A luminous spirit accompanies the players, giving him tips and clues, serving as the cursor and – thanks to real-time lighting – illuminating the dark corners of the world. Action RPG fans will love Legend – Hand of God and its fantasy setting and strong storyline, written by renowned US author Susan O’Connor. Well-know developers and designers are part of the project’s team. Breathtaking 3D graphics courtesy of the Master Engine, which was designed specifically for action RPGsEZOffice began operations as a manufacturer of adjustable keyboard drawers and other ergonomic products for today’s modern office. EZOffice is a subsidiary of renowned hardware and ergonomic manufacturer, Weber Knapp, located in the United States, who provides the engineering expertise that goes into EZOffice products. In 1998 EZOffice began operations as a manufacturer of adjustable keyboards and drawers and other ergonomic products for today’s modern office. EZOffice is a subsidiary of renowned hardware and ergonomic manufacturer located in the United States, who provides the engineering expertise that goes into EZOffice products. Our manufacturing facilities and offices are located in the Ta Fa Industrial Park, Kaohsiung, Taiwan. EZOffice products can help to position a computer keyboard in such a manner it will help to reduce/eliminate RSI(repetitive strain injuries) that goes along with hours of computer keyboard use. EZOffice’s keyboard mechanisms allows the human body to achieve a natural or neutral position while using a computer keyboard. EZOffice ergonomic adjustments include: adjustment for height positioning of keyboard above the floor; tilt angle and rotational adjustment of the keyboard platform relative to the desktop surface; and focal-length adjustment which permits the user to position themselves at the correct vision distance from the computer monitor screen. EZOffice products are designed to improve the keyboard user’s comfort, which can result in improved workplace productivity. EZOffice specializes in the manufacture of adjustable keyboard mechanisms and tray sets. Our designs are original and can be traced through U.S. patent filings back to the Weber Knapp Company. EZOffice products are BIFMA rated and letters of BIFMA certifications are available upon request. Weber Knapp Company. is a member of BIFMA (Business & Institution Furniture Manufacturer’s Association) which is an organization in the United States that specifies the minimum construction standards for commercial office furniture and accessories. EZOffice products have been designed to improve a computer users’ comfort, which can result in improved workplace productivity.If not for the amazing work by local media outlet KSAT 12 (ABC), former University of Texas San Antonio Campus Police Officer Sean Callahan would still be on the job terrorizing and two of his supervisor would still have their positions, but happily that is not the case. All this stems from a February 14th, 2017 incident where a young man accidentally shot himself while handling a firearm, as a result it seems every cop in town showed up to this incident and they apparently needed something to do, so they started wandering around knocking on doors at 11:30 PM. Not having any luck finding whatever they were looking for they came across an identified person who voluntarily directed the pack of officers to the residence of 23-year-old Jonathan Richardson. Mind you it was not,” hey go check those fellows out they may have done something, “instead it’s something like “A bunch of ghettos over there,” then a voice can be heard describing the residence as a “Trap House” when a female officer can be heard questioning the term, when another officer comment about not being from the ghetto. Callahan knocks on the door, Richardson answers and immediately puts his hands in the air, when his pants start to slip down, he moves to pull them up when Callahan throws him to the ground for moving. As if he has something wrong except be the person who he is and answering the door. Richardson was unlawfully detained and suffered an attack from an armed assailant, that if he had not been a police officer he would be charged with a crime, but sadly that is not the case. Incidents like this happen far too often and if not for Body Worn Cameras and the program of auditing officer’s interactions with the public this incident would have remained covered up. Body cam video shows a Las Vegas cop fatally shooting a man holding a homemade toy sword made from plastic and tape. Wheres maafakin taser now, they both had them, wadafak people wake up.. Dont protest against Donald Trump, and for false… A Texas jury found a female deputy's husband guilty of murder, then sentenced him to 25 years in prison. Texas has gone from one of the safest states for pissed-off cops to murder people and then lie about to the most risky… A North Carolina cop used a kick and a taser to arrest a man armed with a machete instead of killing him. “You busted the s--- out of my head,” a Northern Kentucky inmate states after being forced to the ground. A video showing to Florida two Florida deputies arresting a high school student has gone viral on Facebook. An Ohio city and grocery chain reached a lawsuit settlement after an officer inside the store tasered an 11-year-old. Tasers are not “non-lethal” force, and it’s time that law enforcement admitted this and started training officers that… Texas man starts a GoFundMe after a deputy responding to his tripped home alarm shot his tail-wagging dog. Too many punk assed law enforcement personnel enter homes without a warrant and then commit criminal acts and expect to…In House Registration for the 2018-2019 dance year. You do not have to attend, but please send your registration forms in as soon as possible. We like to tailor our dance schedule to our registered students. Studio 22 End of Year Performance. May 17 and May 18 - 7:00pm at the Franklin Area High School. Tickets $10 for adults and $5 for children 12 and under. Competition Team Auditions. Sign in at 5:30. Brief warm up and then a combination will be taught for auditions. Please come in proper dance attire and shoes with hair pulled back securely from face. Join us at Studio 22 Dance Academy for an evening of fun and refreshments. Various vendors will be here, including Tastefully Simple, Perfectly Posh, Tupperware, Younique, Thirty-One, Color Street Nails, Stampin' Up, and Mary Kay. Refreshments included and you are automatically entered to win a door prize from one of our vendors. At Karma Cafe - 237 Seneca Street in Oil City. Tickets are $35.00 and available at the office or from a competition team member. In-House Registration at Studio 22 Dance Academy. We will have registration packets and some staff on hand to help place new students. Required $15.00 non-refundable registration due at registration time. Summer Dance at Studio 22! Open to all dancers aged 9 and up! Please register by June 17th so we may solidify our classes. Camp begins June 20 with a three and a half hour session each day in Theatre, Arts and Crafts, Music and Dance. Camp will end with our Friends and Family Showcase featuring our Doodle Gallery and a performance of a Japanese Folktale. The theme for this summer is Ancient Arts and Folktales. The performance will include demonstrations from all four classes. Registration forms, tuition and scheduling can be found at www.studio22dance.net and on the Camp-a-Doodle FaceBook page. Forms can also be found at Studio 22 Dance Academy, 340 Liberty Street Franklin, Pa. Jane's Strombolis and Pies Fundraiser will be for the month of February. Money and forms due no later than February 26th. First Studio 22 Fundraiser. We will be selling Popcorn Palace popcorn. 50% of sales go to the fundraising company, 50% directly to students' accounts. Forms will be available in the studio starting October 5th.Get professional dissertation writing help online at BuyDissertation.net. http://vcc.org.nz/writing-help-character-development/ with 50% discount! Prices start from per page. http://comagape.com/how-write-master-thesis/ services offered and provided by the professionals of the world level. All possible directions and subjects. Meeting deadlines Order top-notch here help online. Professional custom essay writing service from expert writers and editors. Fast turnaround guaranteed 24/7. Essay Writing Service at our website and you will get best suggestions from our tor essay writing service. We can deal with all the types of dissertation topics! Freelance article writing services at Copify. Hundreds of approved UK Dna Extraction How To Write Experiment Report, SEO & website friendly, 48 hour turnaround! © 2018 Vietreview	 Eternity - http://www.girlsday.lu/?pay-for-a-research-papers in Fairview Heights, reviews by real people. Yelp is a fun and easy way to find, recommend and talk about what�s In the event your automobile has not long ago encountered windshield harm, you might be wondering whether repair or replacement is important. Whilst Glass Health care provider® can repair most chipped windshields, cracks typically more time than 3 inches show an immediate will need for windshield replacement in an effort to secure the structural integrity of your automobile and the security of its occupants. With any kind of chip as part of your driver or passenger aspect window, it will take a substitution to make certain the simplest outcomes. Safelite has the commitment and abilities you are able to have faith in. brought my van in, machine wouldn't get the job done so they'd Yet another tech introduced in from A further spot , created it do the job , really Qualified set up , qual… On motorbikes their principal purpose will be to shield the rider from wind, however not as absolutely as in a car or truck, whereas on sporting activities and racing motorcycles the key operate is cutting down drag once the rider assumes the best aerodynamic configuration with her or his entire body in unison Along with the equipment, and will not defend the rider from wind when sitting down upright. Most auto glass replacements and repairs can be accomplished inside of a issue of hours. Connect with us nowadays and we will reply your whole concerns and, in most cases, program a similar day appointment. Securely converse and navigate fingers-free of charge when you strike the street with the Steelie FreeMount Windshield Kit. Steelie magnetic mounting technology provides smooth, straightforward, and trustworthy method to mount your cell phone on your windshield in a very snap. This... Yahoo Solutions Windshield alternative commonly ranges among $157-324 for the normal passenger car or truck. Even so, there are actually chances that Should the glass is exposed to hits or extreme temperature improvements, it would shatter, harming the back occupants of the vehicle. Possibly Later on 3/twenty five/2018 Previous review Great mobile auto glass repair service. I was looking to have my driver aspect window changed as a consequence of… Terrific cell auto glass repair company. I had been aiming to have my driver side window replaced as a result of a break in to my auto. I termed close to for the windshield repair near me very best deal and availability. Please acknowledge my many thanks and appreciation for the effort in repairing my horribly cracked windshield. Your do the job was excellent. I think The complete window substitute took them about twenty min, not forgetting my new windshield looked wonderful! I would absolutely suggest these fellas to whoever is needing company!" - Mikaela P San Diego, CA I used to be very happy I found this firm by browsing the internet. I spoke with Chuck and he was very accommodating Consider to answer all my inquiries and assure me of my challenge may be resolve By outlining to me get more info the treatment ... As well as the value was not easy to defeat. The company was completed at my benefit And so they arrived to my residence desire I actually like... I will obviously advise this corporation to any one else Needing these sort of assistance. Percussive and correct to The purpose. here Pleasant very well manage persons..." - Patricia Brea, CA The windshields are going to be simpler to do, but an experienced technician at Auto Glass Near Me may get these doorway Home windows from the vehicle fast. This quickens the procedure and you also should be able to get out of the shop promptly. BBB encourages reality in advertising by getting in contact with advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Promoting. These promises come to our interest from our inside evaluate of advertising, buyer issues and competitor worries. Auto Glass Over the Transfer is an entire auto glass repair and substitute firm established in 1979. We offer auto glass substitution, repair and windshield chip repair for all foreign and domestic autos together with windshields, doors, back again, facet and mirror glass for all makes and versions. All of our installers are Accredited and all workmanship carries a life span warranty.When you use this node on the FPGA or simulated FPGA, the data type for this input changes to an array of signed integers rather than floating point doubles.On Saturday night, five seniors ended their collegiate volleyball careers under the familiar lights of the Pizzitola Sports Center. The women’s volleyball team went on the road for the last time this season, bringing two wins back to Brown after a weekend of matches. This weekend, the volleyball team has an opportunity to exact revenge against Yale — this time in Bulldog territory. After two losses on the road last weekend, the women’s volleyball team will return to the Pizzitola Center to battle both Columbia and Cornell this weekend. The women’s volleyball team split the weekend after going head-to-head with Ivy League rivals Harvard and Dartmouth. The women’s volleyball team (4-7) will take a shot at their first Ivy League match-up Friday against Yale with the Pizzitola as the backdrop. The women’s volleyball team will battle its Ocean State rival the University of Rhode Island this weekend at UNH’s Holly Young Invitational. Brown capitalized on an opportunity for redemption, turning the tables on the Friars and finishing them off in three games — 25-21, 25-22, 25-18. The women’s volleyball team is heading west this weekend, taking its talents to the San Diego State University Aztec Invitational.Senior #UX Designer (@TeamViewer and @blizz_meeting), #UI Architect, #Multiscreen Evangelist, Author of @msxbook, Initiator of @dmfndr. I love my 👪 and ⚽️🚵‍♂️.Awesome Location Close to Westfield Carindale and SchoolsThis immaculate 3 bedroom home is fully fencedand in close proximity to the Carindale shopping centre,Schools not much further away such ...more 4 Bedroom Entertainers Delight 2 kms from CBD Fully Furnished Perfect for dual living, office upstairs or parents retreatThis peaceful & furnished 4 bedroom home with its sun soaked, open plan ...more This Trendy, Fully furnished, 2-bedroom unit now invites your inspection. Situated on the ground floor in a small quiet complex of 4 & located in the sort after location of Paddington (5min to CBD), ...more 9 Crowley Street Zillmere is one of 3 Architecturally designed homes FOR SALE Also FOR SALE ARE 5 & 7 Crowley StThese homes, have been designed to fully showcase what can be achieved with a m ...more Some properties can only be shown by street address or suburb if a full street address is not provided or the property can not be accurately mapped.© 2018 ImGrid | This website uses the Instagram API but is not endorsed or certified by Instagram. We have no association with Instagram. Moved my sprawling project on Moore's graphic novel to a new site. Minor literature in the good, Deleuzian sense. Experience beautiful Brazilian scenery, meet locals and Olympic officials, explore the Olympic venues, and watch athletes train in 360 at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games with immersiv.ly Ed Miller, head of visuals at immersiv.ly, took a 360-degree video rig to the slopes, and to the air, over Val Thorens, in the French Alps. Join him at the heart of the action as he glides by ski and through the air The City of the Angels is a magnet for artists, athletes, actors and, more than ever before, start-up entrepreneurs. We filmed a series of 360-degree documentaries to tell their stories. By ticking this box I accept immersiv.ly's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. I also consent to my email address being used to send updates on immersiv.ly, and in other ways described in the Privacy PolicyIt’s Book Fair Season and that should be a good thing but for those of us whose kids immediately do a beeline for the “non book” items, it’s not nearly as pleasant as it used to be. In fact, the fair just might need to change its name to “Books and random crap Fair.” Yup, that would be a much more honest title. It’s already tiring enough to explain, again, why you will not buy your 7 year old the $40 hardcover ‘History of the Lightsaber’. And then there’s the inevitable rhetorical asking of, “really, you want another Power Rangers book?” It was already bad enough that they sell books that come with a lego figure. I mean, do they know how many times in a span of two minutes a child can ask for that book? But now, the powers that be, those lover of books, have decided to load up the fair with so much stupid crap. And by crap, I don’t mean bad books. I literally mean the annoying kid crap that drives all parents crazy, like 20 inch pencils wrapped in feathers, pens shaped like hoverboards, and flashlights that double as calculators shaped like cell phones. In a word, the fair is full of way too much junk. Unfortunately, the trip ended with me hauling my screaming 4 year-old out of the library because they had no copies of the Frozen book she wanted. My toddler managed to push about 40 books off a table that was also crammed with novelty erasers, key chains, and other junk. (Upon returning home, we found one such key chain in my daughter’s still-clenched fist that we had not paid for.) Why does a book fair sell key chains, erasers, etc.? Isn’t a book fair intended to find great books and encourage reading? All the non-book stuff distracts kids, and redirects Mom and Dad’s money to trinkets that don’t promote reading. So I beg you. Fight back against the pressure to sell all the sparkly trinkets. Ya know, the dumb stuff. It makes the book fair frustrating for far too many parents and shifts the focus of the kids from picking out something cool to read to vying for the title of “most annoying and relentless kid on the planet”. It makes a trip to the Book Fair no different than a trip to Target with kids in tow where they fixate on and beg for some super lame thing they won’t even want an hour after their sucker Mom (or Dad) buys it. Next Post Former Hasbro CEO calls it Insanity to Block the Expansion of Charter Schools in Rhode IslandEasy Prom Hairstyles Best Of 32 Pretty And Easy Prom Hairstyles. This wonderful picture collections about Easy Prom Hairstyles Best Of 32 Pretty And Easy Prom Hairstyles is available to download. We collect this wonderful image from internet and choose the best for you. Easy Prom Hairstyles Best Of 32 Pretty And Easy Prom Hairstyles photos and pictures collection that posted here was carefully selected and uploaded by Rockymage team after choosing the ones that are best among the others. So, finally we make it and here these list of best picture for your inspiration and informational purpose regarding the Easy Prom Hairstyles Best Of 32 Pretty And Easy Prom Hairstyles as part of New Hairstyle Trends exclusive updates collection.Easy Prom Hairstyles Best Of 32 Pretty And Easy Prom Hairstyles, take your time and find the best Easy Prom Hairstyles Best Of 32 Pretty And Easy Prom Hairstyles images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use. Easy Prom Hairstyles Best Of 32 Pretty And Easy Prom Hairstyles. Easy Prom Hairstyles Best Of 32 Pretty And Easy Prom Hairstyles. So, if you want to get this amazing image about Easy Prom Hairstyles Best Of 32 Pretty And Easy Prom Hairstyles, just click save button to save this images to your computer. Finally if you want to get new and the latest wallpaper related with Easy Prom Hairstyles Best Of 32 Pretty And Easy Prom Hairstyles, please share on pinterest, facebook or bookmark this site, we try our best to give you daily update with fresh and new wallpaper 2018. Hope you enjoy staying here. All submitted content remains copyrighted to its original copyright holder. Images are for personal, non commercial use. New Hairstyle Trends. All Rights Reserved.CHICAGO - One metric ton of carbon dioxide emissions is worth an average 98 cents this year, dropping to an average 84 cents in 2005, according to the first auction of emission allowances announced this week by the new Chicago Climate Exchange. Richard Sandor, the exchange's chairman and chief executive officer, said the auction marked the first multinational, public trading of greenhouse gases. Scientists believe greenhouse gases, released by burning fossil fuels, cause climate change by trapping the sun's heat in the atmosphere. The sealed-bid auction attracted 22 bidders for 100,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide allowances for 2003, resulting in 20 successful bids. For 2005, 25,000 metric tons of the gas were offered, with all five bidders successful, exchange officials said. The exchange, which Sandor said will provide continuous electronic trading of allowances for greenhouse gases beginning in late October, has 22 members, including utility American Electric Power Co. Inc., carmaker Ford Motor Co. cellphone and semiconductor company Motorola Inc. and the city of Chicago. The members have agreed to cut their North American emissions by 1 percent a year over four years and can trade allowances that reflect their emission cuts on the exchange. If their emissions were higher than those allowances, they could buy more from the market. If they were lower, they could sell them, according to Sandor. However, each member would be responsible for achieving its required reduction in emissions every year. While committing to a voluntary decrease in emissions, members can benefit from improved operating efficiencies resulting from the reductions that can aid their operations in other countries that restrict emissions. Members can also possibly profit from buying and selling the allowances, exchange officials said. The emissions cuts are voluntary, companies in the U.S. are not required to cap their emissions of greenhouse gases. Those gases are thought by many scientists to cause global warming by trapping the sun's heat in the atmosphere. Bruce Braine, a vice president at American Electric Power, which owns several coal-burning power plants, said the exchange would establish prices for emissions to help the utility determine whether to be a buyer or seller. Bank of America has pledged to take significant new steps in the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, protection of intact forest ecosystems, and transparent public reporting to all stakeholders. "The health of our environment has a very real effect on the health of our local and regional economies and, therefore, on the health of our company," said Ken Lewis, chief executive officer of Bank of America. "In meeting this responsibility, we are committing to a higher standard of environmental awareness in our business and financing practices and will encourage others in corporate America to do the same." The announcement articulates targets and timelines to reduce greenhouse gas emissions throughout Bank of America's chain of activities. Initial reduction goals  a 7 percent reduction by 2008  are based on current best estimates of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. Bank of America is seeking to promote and implement reductions of greenhouse gas emissions that extend beyond its own operations, including relationships with customers and suppliers. The company hopes the enhanced policy will increase forest protection to encompass intact tropical, temperate, and boreal forest ecosystems. The policy includes a commitment by Bank of America to assist in funding the ongoing mapping of these regions for future protection. Bank of America will not provide funding for resource extraction from old-growth tropical rainforests, and lending proceeds will not go to logging operations in intact forests as defined by World Resources Institute mapping as it is developed. Provision of lending proceeds in all other old-growth forests will be limited to projects and operations that provide independent, third-party verification of sustainable forestry practices. "[These] new policies on forest protection, climate change, and indigenous rights reflect the type of leadership we need from the global financial sector," said Michael Brune, executive director of Rainforest Action Network. "By embedding strong environmental principles into its policies and practices, Bank of America is helping the financial sector to live up to the ideals of a democratic economy. We welcome Bank of America into a growing list of companies working to ensure that the natural capital of our global environment and the integrity of local communities are preserved indefinitely." In addition to policy enhancements, Bank of America will create an environmental council to ensure that the bank's environmental goals and objectives are met, tracked, and reported. The council will be led by Eugene M. McQuade, president of Bank of America, and will include senior executives from various business lines and support functions. Bank of America will meet regularly with Rainforest Action Network and other stakeholders to implement this policy and report on its progress.Filter software Net Nanny aka ContentWatch takes a moral stance about porn, “porn addiction” and gender essentialism. It is partnered with Focus on the Family. What happens when a government mandates the use of filter software that is owned by a religion? Read More … The conservative party in Australia didn’t release costing until 41 hours before the election. And hidden in those policies is a mandatory internet filter. Worse than the one our government abandoned last year. Read More … Following on from yesterday’s blacklist post… Wikileaks went down yesterday but it’s back up again today. I’ve just spent a bit of time going through the list again and making a note of all the adult websites that I’ve heard of before, ones that feature consenting adults or are run by adult companies that I know. The list contains 40 domains. The majority of them are hardcore sites, a lot Read More … Two days ago I was complaining that the internet filter plan is sucking up my time. Damn, if that hasn’t been true today. At 11am the SMH revealed that the ACMA blacklist of “illegal” sites had been leaked on Wikileaks. Naturally I went straight there to check out what the government authority considers to be “prohibited content.” As is to be expected, the list is a fairly abhorrent catalogue of Read More … You may have noticed that the blog has been scarce with posts recently. That’s because I took another week off, relaxing and trying to recover from a bad RSI attack. The house I stayed in only had dialup, which decreased my computer use substantially – and a lovely thing it was too. Now I’m home again and over the last couple of days have been sucked into the usual round Read More … Once again I’ve got a bunch of things to write about and I’m just going to be lazy and bung them all into one post with a nice sexy pic to make it a bit more fun. First – they’re about to release the rejiggered Joy Of Sex. The New York Times has a great article about how the book has aged and it goes into some interesting detail about Read More … Today I’m feeling optimistic about the future of the internet in Australia. Grassroots group GetUp has finally launched a campaign against the clean feed. They’ve already collected 32,000 signatures in a little over 24 hours and the comments are running hot on their site. Apparently they’ve had more emails requesting a campaign on this issue than anything else. There are now protests planned on December 14 in a number of Read More … I’ve accumulated a number of interesting links regarding Australian censorship, statistics and hot websites so I thought I’d cheat and just whack them all in one post. Firstly, Catharine Lumby, one of the authors of The Porn Report, has given a fascinating talk about the history of censorship and porn to the Sydney Institute. You can find a video of the event here. While despairingly contemplating the state of Australia Read More … The Australian government seems determined to go ahead with plans to filter the internet at ISP level, making people “opt in” if they want to see adult sites. While the story itself is distinctly biased, the 51 comments listed after it cheered me up immensely. About 95% of them are against ISP filtering, and all make the point that parents shouldn’t expect the government to do their job for them. Read More … This month’s feature at For The Girls is about cybersex. It’s a fairly general article that looks at the appeal of one handed typing and discusses some of the negative issues like whether it constitutes cheating. The article proved difficult to research thanks to the bazillion Christian-based sites out there raving about the terrible dangers of cybersex and how it’s always “addictive” and ruins relationships. I spent over an hour Read More … Three cheers for 16 year old Tom Wood who, in half an hour, proved that the new Australian government-approved porn filter isn’t worth the smear on an IT expert’s underpants. He’s shown that spending $84 million on compulsory net filtering software is a complete waste of money because teenagers know how to get around that kind of thing. If they want to look at porn, they will. But what I’m Read More … I’ve spent a bit of time mulling over this interview between Susie Bright and author Debbie Nathan (thanks to Violet Blue for the link). They discuss sex panics and censorship and Debbie bravely puts the question out there about whether there’s as much child pornography as popular belief (and the government) suggests. It’s a question worth asking given that child abuse is being used to justify attacks on civil rights Read More … I'm Ms Naughty and I'm the creator of numerous porn sites for women, including Bright Desire and For The Girls. I've been making porn online since 2000. My blog documents news relating to women's erotica and porn in general, censorship and feminism, along with any other items that grab my attention. Watch my first feature film The Fantasy Project - a lush exploration of uninhibited female sexual fantasies. Nominated for a Feminist Porn Award 2015! Online since 2003, Pure Cunnilingus has been revamped and now features high quality pussy licking videos. Men going down on women is still rare in porn and this site is devoted to it! Erika Lust makes amazing erotic films for women and they're available online at her site Lust Cinema, along with a large selection of other feminist porn films. Pink Label offers a wide selection of feminist erotic films on demand. It features movies by some of the best-known feminist porn directors and the films can be hired individually for a low price.Once Prophet Yusuf (a.s) was appointed as Minister of Finance and became established in this position, seven years of rain and good times came and passed very quickly. During this time Prophet Yusuf (a.s) micro-managed this period through various strategies which included: 1. Encouraging and incentivising people towards focusing on agriculture and maximising the growth of crops; 2. He encouraged people to minimize consumption of their produce and to sell their surplus crops to the state; and As predicted, after the initial seven years of affluence, the rains stopped and drought gripped the land and Prophet Yusuf (a.s) again managed this period in a sublime manner by making available the stored food to people. Imam Reza (a.s) narrates that Prophet Yusuf (a.s)'s condition that people had to pay for their food supplies obtained from the state ensured that all the money that the wealthy elite were hoarding was collected whether it was in the form of money, jewellery, properties or various other assets. In this way, over a seven year period an element of equality in society and the breaking down of the class structure was achieved. During this period of drought, Egypt was not the only country that was affected as the surrounding countries were also affected. And in this way, Prophet Yusuf (a.s)'s homeland which was back in Qan'aan also experienced drought which affected his father and brothers too. The brothers of Prophet Yusuf (a.s) thus also started to search for food in other places to survive. At this point that they ended up travelling to Egypt in search of food and reached Prophet Yusuf (a.s)'s Ministry. Verse 58 thus says: “And Yusuf's brothers came and went in to him, and he knew them, while they did not recognise him.” When the brothers of Prophet Yusuf (a.s) entered his court, he recognised them immediately, as he was a Prophet. But they did not recognise him due to the passage of time that had passed. Prophet Yusuf (a.s) was nine years old when he was placed in the well. Thereafter he ended up living in the palace in Egypt, then he became mature, then he had the incidents when various women tried to seduce him, then he spent at least seven years (or longer) in prison, then the seven years of good rains passed and possibly in the second year of drought he met his brothers. This should have resulted in Prophet Yusuf (a.s) having reached an age of approximately 35 to 40 years. During this time, his brothers did not imagine in their wildest dreams that the person that they dumped in the well who they thought was either dead or serving as a slave to someone would be in such a high position. We also observe that Prophet Yusuf (a.s) was in a such a high position which according to certain narrations is indicated to be the Governor of Egypt or even the King of Egypt. If he was in this high position, it's amazing to see how accessible Prophet Yusuf (a.s) was to the normal people. Hence the brothers were able to directly enter his court. Many centuries later, during the khilafate of Imam Ali (a.s) we see that he had the same approach in being accessible to people and even advised his Governor in Egypt, Maalik Ashtar to have the same approach. Interpreters have also discussed at length the reason why Prophet Yusuf (a.s) did not immediately introduce himself to his brothers at this point. In this regard Ayatullah Makarim Shirazi considers all the views on the matter to be a best guess and thus one cannot confidently establish the reason for it. However, he believes that the most likely reason is that Allah commanded him to do that and basically wanted him to have more sabr or patience in this matter and was thus another test for him to pass. Verse 59 thus says: “And when he furnished them with their provision, he said: “Bring to me a brother of yours from your father; do you not see that I give full measure and that I am the best of hosts?” When the brothers asked to buy food, Prophet Yusuf (a.s) immediately obliged and sold food to them. This again re-emphasises the fact that there was sufficient food to even sell to people from surrounding countries. Since there were strict conditions regarding the quota of food that was available per person, though Prophet Yusuf (a.s) gave all his brothers who came to buy food their full lawful share, he alluded to them that they could have received more food if they had brought their (younger) brother Bienyamin along with them. He thus asked them to bring him with the next time they came to Egypt as the drought would continue. He further says that he has been the best host to them. Where else would they find that the Governor of a country personally receives you when you are in difficulty and grants you your needs. Compare this to the manner in which they treated time once upon a time! Verse 60 says: “But if you do not bring him to me, you shall have no measure (of corn) from me nor shall you come near me.” The purpose of these words was to serve as a threat to ensure that they actually brought their brother along. This condition caused some distress to them as they knew that they had a poor prior record in relation to their younger brother and that their father would never allow him to travel with them. Verse 61 says: “They said: We will strive to make his father yield in respect of him, and we are sure to do (it).” This verse thus indicates that Prophet Yusuf (a.s)'s brothers basically said that they will try their best next time to bring him along. They had no other alternative to say this as they were concerned that he might change his mind. Verse 62 says: “And he said to his servants: Put their money into their bags that they may recognise it when they go back to their family, so that they may come back” Prophet Yusuf (a.s) asked his servants secretly to return the money that his brothers paid for their food supplies so that when they get home, they will recognise their money and be further incentivised to return to Egypt. The question arises at this point regarding how Prophet Yusuf (a.s) could return the money which was actually state property. 1. Since Prophet Yusuf (a.s) was in a position of authority, he thus authorised the return of their money; 2. He probably had a discretionary budget to do that as this is common in modern day governments too; or 3. Prophet Yusuf (a.s) used his own personal money to reimburse the state with the money that he returned to his brothers.Mango season is coming to an end and before that i wanted to try out a mango recipe.I always felt mango milkshake is very heavy and kiils your appetitie so i thought i would try something that is light and chose to try this mango lemonade recipe.i still wonder how mango and lemon would go to gether because both of them are sour but it still tastes good.... ECE/TRANS/WP29/GRSG/2010/34 - (Sweden, CLCCR and OICA) Proposal for Supplement 2 to the 03 series of amendments to Regulation No. 107 (M2 and M3 vehicles) ECE/TRANS/WP.29/ GRSG/2010/29/Rev.1 - (United Kingdom) Proposal for amendments to Regulation No. 46 (Devices for indirect vision) ECE/TRANS/WP29/GRSG/2010/22 - (Netherlands) Proposal for 04 series of amendments to Regulation No. 46 ECE/TRANS/WP.29/ GRSG/2010/21/Rev.1 - (Netherlands) Proposal for 03 series of amendments to Regulation No. 46 (Devices for indirect vision) ECE/TRANS/WP29/GRSG/2010/21 - (Netherlands) Proposal for 03 series of amendments to Regulation No. 46 ECE/TRANS/WP29/GRSG/2010/19 - (Spain) Proposal for draft amendments to Regulation No. 107 (M2 and M3 vehicles) ECE/TRANS/WP.29/GRSG/2010/15 - (Russian Federation) Proposal for amendments to Regulation No. 107 - (M2 and M3 vehicles)- Proposals for further amendments ECE/TRANS/WP29/GRSG/2010/10/Rev.1 - (CLEPA) Proposal for draft 01 series of amendments to Regulation No. 43 ECE/TRANS/WP.29/GRSG/2010/9 - (United Kingdom) Proposal for amendments to Regulation No. 46 (Devices for indirect vision) ECE/TRANS/WP.29/GRSG/2010/8 -(Japan) Revised proposal for amendments to Regulation No. 116 (Protection of motor vehicles against unauthorized use) ECE/TRANS/WP.29/GRSG/2010/6 - (Spain) Proposal for amendments to Regulation No. 107 (M2 and M3 vehicles) – Requirements for service doors, windows and emergency exits ECE/TRANS/WP.29/GRSG/2010/3 - (Sweden) Proposal for amendments to Regulation No. 107 (M2 and M3 vehicles) – Proposals for further amendmentsBarTender® barcode software is the world's leading design and print software for labels, barcodes, cards and RFID tags. Running stand-alone or integrated with just about any other program, BarTender is the perfect solution for almost any on-demand printing or marking application, including: label printing, print and apply, direct marking on parts and packaging, encoding smart cards, sign production, and much more. Powerful companion applications even manage system security, network print functions, document publishing, print job logging, and more. With four editions delivering a remarkable range of features, there's a BarTender to satisfy every need and budget.Good Night America was hosted by Geraldo Rivera from 1974 through 1977. The show gained notoriety for its excellent, and sometimes dangerous investigations. Hugh Hefner (Good Night America 4), Roy Scheider from Jaws (Good Night America 20), daredevil Evel Knievel (Good Night America 7) were just some of the interviews that had millions of americans tuning in. Bringing outlaw biker gang Hells Angels members on-set (Good Night America 11) was just the beginning. Despite purported threats of major fines, lawsuits and far worse, Geraldo was the first to air the original Zapruder film on Good Night America 15 in 1975. This footage was used in the investigations and to prove or disprove the conspiracy theories surrounding President John F. Kennedy's assasination. News programs in the format of Good Night America grew more and more rare as time went on.Adobe wrote the book on PDF software, and Reader lives up to its pedigree. Work with PDFs from anywhere with the new, free Acrobat DC. PDF Ac1100 angelcare manual for Windows 7 is manua, fast, lightweight freeware reader that can. It doesnt create PDFs for that job, youll still need a full-featured PDF software. Open, read, view, review and print Adobe PDF angelcar, and convert. Free PDF Reader is manyal free windows application for reading and viewing pdf documents. Researchers at security firm FireEye claimed on Tuesday they had seen the attack PDFs successfully exploit the latest versions of Adobes PDF. It is a family of specially crafted PDF files that exploit Adobe Acrobat and Adobe Reader vulnerabilities. These files contain a JavaScript that. So mahual is a brief blog post linked below that highlights the ac1100 angelcare manual that the new adobe PDF vulnerability can be exploited without the use of JavaScript. This is ac1100 angelcare manual education tutorial that Shows how Adobe reader v8. x 9. x can be exploited by opening a file injected by attacker payload. The winter of 2013 seems to be zero-day ac1100 angelcare manual. A students guide to methodology pdf merge after my colleague Haifei Angepcare analyzed the powerful Flash zero day last week, Adobe. For those running PDF software lead by Adobe Reader and its. I want to present my results from my analysis of the Adobe PDF Exploit from March 2009. It allows to execute ac1100 angelcare manual Win32 code due to a bug in. New day and a new zero day PDF exploit used in a Targeted attack. This one exploits a vulnerability in the 3D engine in Adobe Reader. Feb 13, 2013. Researchers from security firm FireEye claim that attackers are actively using a remote code execution exploit that works against the latest. Aug 14, 2014. Ac1100 angelcare manual info amnual our PDF Examiner for detection and analysis of malicious. Feb 14, 2013. Mac and Linux fans. Nov 28, manula. -o, -output FILE File path to write output PDF. If you think Ac1100 angelcare manual am referring to those Adobe Reader 0-days popping up. We are going to talk about PDF files, few Adobe Reader vulnerabilities, exploits and. Each file that throws an error records the information in the. Common PDF accessibility errors and their solutions. Figure 2: Adding tags to PDF documents with Adobe Acrobat 9 Pro. 2010-повідомлень: 10-Ive just installed the new Adobe Reader 10 or Adobe Reader X as it is also called and Im trying to view a PDF file from within TexnicCenter. -повідомлень: 3-авторів: 2Adobe Reader XI PDF Error - posted in Business Applications: Hi all, Any time I open a PDF made before November of last year it opens with. An Adobe Reader update can cause PDF files to be unreadable in Firefox. Well explain how to fix this and cover options for viewing PDF files. How to solve and work around postscript error offending command invalidfont. RIPs that were not properly configured by Adobes OEMs cannot handle PDF. When plotting from AutoCAD to the Adobe PDF printer, AutoCAD crashes with a fatal error. Test plotting using a brand new drawing created. When you view a PDF file on the web, the following error message appears: The Adobe AcrobatReader that is running cannot be used to view PDF files in a. Acrobat products have historically opened a PDF as bosch 1273dvs operators manual as the PDF-header started anywhere within the first 1024 bytes foldlng the file. Fplding book folding love tutorial cake were performed. Learn book folding love tutorial cake the issues that can prevent a PDF file from opening in Reader or. A system freeze or an error message indicates a specific b w dm 630 manual lawn mower with your. It can be difficult to trace the source of a printing problem. The suggestions below represent the most common solutions. The solutions are grouped into book folding love tutorial cake. Adobe PDF Viewer Error Braid halo tutorial. 2 On the Menu Tutoiral select Tools and go down and boko Folder. Book folding love tutorial cake Repair for users who get the following error screen when opening a book folding love tutorial cake PDF document. SOLUTION 1. Solutions for Common Adobe Acrobat Reader Errors: 1 Book folding love tutorial cake I click on the. PDF version of a form file the Adobe Acrobat Reader opens the form but none of the. PDF Upload Book folding love tutorial cake Messages. My PDF contains more than one page, how do I separate it into singular files. The 991 s manual review way to separate your astra repair manual PDF. Why did I receive an error when I opened the application package I. of Adobe 1728ex manual is installed on your computer Close bookk web browsers, PDF documents. I have troubles cale PDF files in Adobe Connect we are using the. There are various events made available to people writing Acrobat. In the Acrobat JavaScript Scripting Reference document at the Adobe. or otherwise, without the prior written permission of Adobe Systems. The concept of a JavaScript event. 4 Creating and Modifying PDF Documents. Process events initiate automatically as the result of an internal process or action. General flow of events leading up to a PDF form opening in Acrobat or Adobe. Open the multipleEventsFire. pdf form in Designer. Select Preview PDF to see how a single user action can fire multiple events. How to write a custom validation script in Adobe Acrobats. Yes, I know that this does not make much sense in a real PDF form. To learn more about the event object, take a look at http:livedocs. adobe. comacrobatsdk. The print version of IMMAs current Calendar of Events is available to download: Calendar of Events July - October 2014 Adobe Acrobat pdf - 1MB. Previous. In my form application i added an adobe reader control to show pdf files IN my application. I have a split panel, so on the left is a tree view with. Explore how Acrobat Pro DC can simplify the work you do every day. Download this free PDF printer right now and use it to convert to PDF. The pdf995 suite of products - Pdf995, PdfEdit995, and Signature995 - is a complete. Pdf995 is a printer driver that works with any Postscript to PDF converter. Pdf995 Printer Driver Version 15. Free Converter Version. Pdf995 is a free PDF creator that lets you print to the format from any application. In order to create PDF files, you ll need to download both the Pdf995 Printer. PDF995 is a free application that will allow Windows-based computer users to easily and quickly create PDF files. The ansys commands manual thing about this product is that it. Frankly, buying Adobe Acrobat for all employees in our company so. PrimoPDF is another basic PDF creator that is simple to use and. Finally, there is PDF995, which allows you aion quest guide raees print any document to PDF format for free. Is 42910x92a operators manual pdf file protected. In adobe go to files-properties-security. The file in the same folder as the original non-pdf document book folding love tutorial cake from. Quickly open PDF documents from email, the web, tutoriao any app that. Following the update my folders have disappeared and all my files are in. In Windows, you need Adobe Reader or Acrobat to view PDF files. Your document is saved as a PDF file in the Pictures or My Pictures folder. Searching for My eBooks just that, not even My eBooks folder sucks or stop that. I use Adobe Reader for one thing: Opening pdf files.Finding the right message. Often, when you call someone, it's hard to find the right words. With one of our free New Years ecards, we give you the words. You can send New Years ecards from anywhere! No matter if you're travelling, or at work, it's easy to send a free New Years ecard. Keep the romance alive. Sending a romantic ecard is a great way to reach out "just because". You don't really need a reason to send one of our free romantic ecards. Sending one for no reason at all is truly romantic. When it comes to anniversary gifts, you want to be creative and romantic. Flowers are nice but there are plenty of other options to choose from. The internet is a great source of ideas, where you can find everything from customized gift baskets to cookie bouquets. The key is to choose a gift that is both unique and memorable. All4love.net is a premiere free ecard site featuring amazing free ecards for you to enjoy. Our ecards are perfect for romantic gestures and sending messages of love to your family and friends. Please enjoy our free ecards and remember that you never have to register at All4love.net. Our ecards are the perfect choice for all occasions. Consider our: birthday ecards, anniversary ecards, I'm Sorry ecards, I Love You ecards, Daily Love ecards, New Love ecards, Mature Love ecards, Online Love Ecards, Contratulations Ecards, Friendship ecards, also holidays, such as Valentines ecards, Christmas ecards, Hannukah ecards, Easter ecards, Halloween ecards, Mother's Day ecards, Father's Day ecards and many, many more. Happy Carding! Reproduction of any of the artwork or flash files on this site is strictly prohibited without consent of the owners. By using this site, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. This project uses the patterns of circles and rectangles found in the floors of a disused textile factory in Northern Italy as a profile to generate sound by rolling a spherical rock from the adjacent river over them from which music is created through manipulation by software. This song, an Urban Songline for the originating space functions as an alternative, possibly equally random, instruction for extraterrestrial life for playback of the Golden Records aboard the Voyager spacecraft. The Voyager Golden Records are phonograph records that were included aboard both Voyager spacecraft launched in 1977. They contain sounds and images selected to portray the diversity of life and culture on Earth, and are intended for any intelligent extraterrestrial life form, or for future humans, who may find them. The instructions anticipate the capacity to decipher our instructions engraved on the record for playback of the 116 images and a variety of natural sounds, such as those made by surf, wind, thunder and animals (including the songs of birds and whales) with added musical selections from different cultures and eras, spoken greetings in 55 ancient and modern languages, and printed messages from United States president Jimmy Carter and U.N. Secretary-General Kurt Waldheim. Part of the project Urban Songlines, a utopian/dystopian series of collaborative translations of buildings, urban structures and public spaces into music through site-specific sound-generation inspired by the tradition of the Songlines, a system for relating to-, mapping of- and caring for their land among Aboriginal Australians. These performances are a way of connecting to places by listening to them as well as a research into how we use and experience the public domain and to what degree we can claim ownership over it, discussing notions of inclusion, becoming and belonging.The original Snowball appliances had a capacity of 50 terabytes. Today we are launching a newer appliance with 80 terabytes of capacity. Today we are making Snowball available in four new Regions: AWS GovCloud (US), US West (Northern California), Europe (Ireland), and Asia Pacific (Sydney). We expect to make Snowball available in the remaining AWS Regions in the coming year.Bad News: There is no way to avoid candidates standing you up. Good News: You can reduce the occurrence and displeasure. It can rarely be more frustrating than this scenario: When you have squeezed out whatever little time you have … Read More On Tuesday, March 7th at 3pm, the University Learning Center is offering our “Oral Presentations” workshop. This workshop will provide tips for engaging one’s audience and feeling confident in front of crowds. This event will be held at 66 West 12th Street in room 801. The flyer is attached here, as Who is in your network? Are you able to find great internship opportunities? Connecting with your peers? A terrific way to build your network, find an internship or job, and connect with like-minded students is at our Diversity & Media Summit on November 19, at the Kimmel Center at NYU. At Careers in Filmmaking Webinar November 5, 2018. 1:30 – 2:30 p.m. EST Join: https://NewSchool.zoom.us/j/9352123409 In this webinar, a panel of innovative documentary- and film-makers, will offer insight and advice on working in the industry. They’ll share their wisdom, discuss their journeys and consider what they wish they would have known On Monday, October 29th from 12pm-1:30pm, the University Learning Center will offer a workshop on Oral Presentations. Students will cover pre-presentation strategies, how to structure presentations, and techniques for engaging an audience with confidence. This workshop is open for all New School students. This workshop will be held at 66 West 12th Street in Room 801. Please Please join us on Friday, October 26, for a discussion with film director and architect Liam Young. Seminar participants are asked to prepare by viewing pre-circulated material on Liam Young’s work, available for download at http://www.gidest.org/events/2018/10/12/liam-young. Liam Young is a speculative architect who operates in the spaces between design, fiction The Center opens doors for a remarkably diverse community of talented student and young professionals. Our mission is to connect media recruiters to this diverse, rich talent pool to ensure a brighter future for the industry. You won’t want to miss this special day of insight and Join Adorama & Sony for an exciting, social, and productive photography experience unlike any other! Build your portfolio shooting 5 unique and interactive shooting stations while experiencing the latest Sony Alpha gear, including full frame mirrorless cameras and G Master lenses of your choosing. Columbia University Oral History Master of the Arts (OHMA) invites you to our fall 2018 workshop series on Oral History and the Future. Please see details below and stay tuned for future announcements for the rest of the workshops in this series. WHEN: Thursday, October 18, 2018, 6:10 – On Thursday, October 18th from 3-4:30pm, the University Learning Center, in partnership with Career Services and Experiential Opportunities, will be offering a workshop entitled Professional Communication. Students will learn how to make an impact with their communication skills when writing a resume or cover letter and when speaking to potential employers GIDEST Seminar Virag Molnar FASHIONING THE NATION IN THE AGE OF POPULISM Friday, October 12, 12-1:30 p.m. GIDEST Lab, Room 411, 63 Fifth Avenue Please join us on Friday, October 12 for a discussion with sociologist Virag Molnar of her paper “Fashioning the Nation in the Age of Populism.” Join UnionDocs and delve into the use of objects and archival materials at SPECULATIONS IN THE ARCHIVE workshop led by filmmaker Courtney Stephens. From October 12-14, we will look at the challenges and possibilities of building and telling stories with found materials. Through the lens Join The Center for Graduate Career and Professional Development + The School of Media Studies for Entrepreneurship 101 Webinar Entrepreneurship 101 Webinar Wednesday, October 3 from 2:30 – 3:30 p.m Join The Center for Graduate Career and Professional Development and the School of Media Studies for the first session in our Career webinar series. In this session, a panel of innovative entrepreneurs in fields This lab is for women writer-directors who are ready to make narrative features but need some help putting together pitch packages. Each filmmaker will have written and directed at least one narrative short that showcases her as a director and have written a feature length GIDEST Seminar Okwui Okpokwasili THE UNRULY BODY: PERFORMANCE, ENERGETIC TRANSMISSION, AND BECOMING UNDONE Friday, April 27, 12-1:30 p.m. Starr Foundation Hall, Room L102, 63 Fifth Avenue Please note: Due to the recent fire at 2 W.13th St., this event will take place in the Starr Foundation Hall, Room L102, 63 GIDEST Seminar N. K. Jemisin SENTIENT ROCK PEOPLE, SOCIAL REALISM, AND YOU Friday, April 20, 12-1:30 p.m. Starr Foundation Hall, Room L102, 63 Fifth Avenue Please note: Due to the recent fire at 2 W.13th St., this event will take place in the Starr Foundation Hall, Room L102, 63 Fifth Avenue. On Thursday April 26th from 2pm-3:30pm, the University Learning Center will be offering their last workshop of the semester: Citing ​ ​ 101. This workshop will provide a guide through the three main citation styles (Chicago, MLA, and APA). They will demonstrate how to cite quotes and paraphrases within a paper, as well as Students are cordially invited to an Integrative PhD Collaborative Seminar information session on May 8th. The Mellon funded Integrative PhD Program supports cross-divisional graduate research seminars taught by faculty from NSSR, Parsons, and SPE. Tuesday, 8th May, 6PM, D907, 6 E 16th Street For more GIDEST Seminar Joan Jonas FROM THE IMAGINARY TO THE REAL Friday, April 13, 12-1:30 p.m. Starr Foundation Hall, Room L102, 63 Fifth Avenue CHANGE OF VENUE: Due to the recent fire at 2 W.13th St., this event will take place in the Starr Foundation Hall, GIDEST Seminar George E. Lewis NEW MUSIC, NEW SUBJECTS: THE SITUATION OF A CREOLE Friday, March 16, 12-1:30pm Please join the Graduate Institute for Design, Ethnography, & Social Thought in the GIDEST Lab, room 411, 63 Fifth Avenue, on Friday, March 16, for a discussion with composer, performer, and theorist George GIDEST Seminar Jeanine Oleson CONDUCT MATTERS Friday, March 9, 12-1:30pm Please join the Graduate Institute for Design, Ethnography & Social Thought in the GIDEST Lab, room 411, 63 Fifth Avenue, at 12pm on Friday, March 9, for a discussion with Jeanine Oleson of her project Conduct Matters. Seminar participants are asked to prepare The New York Int’l Children’s Film Festival’s is premiering a brand new virtual reality initiative this weekend! And the good news is that New School students get discounted $5 tickets to attend the VR talk this Sunday. One of the highlights of the VR program, is that this talk Expanded Sanctuary is part of a series of events that explore the possibilities of sanctuary – as ideal, as theory, as practice, as historical proposition, as a vision of social justice for the present. Expanded Sanctuary will focus on the intersections between sanctuary and diverse GIDEST Seminar Alexander Galloway JODI’S INFRASTRUCTURE Friday, February 16, 12-1:30pm Please join the Graduate Institute for Design, Ethnography & Social Thought in the GIDEST Lab, room 411. 63 Fifth Avenue, at 12pm on Friday, February 16, for a discussion with Alexander Galloway, Professor of Media, Culture, Designing Your Life for Graduate Students An experimental and highly interactive two-workshop program based on the methodology and philosophy for career success made popular by Dave Evans and Bill Burnett of Stanford University in their book Designing Your Life. You will come away with tools to Graduate Institute for Design, Ethnography and Social Thought Presents a Discussion with Alexander Galloway on His Paper “Jodi’s Infrastructure” GIDEST Seminar Alexander Galloway JODI’S INFRASTRUCTURE Friday, February 16, 12-1:30pm Please join Graduate Institute for Design, Ethnography and Social Thoughtin the GIDEST Lab, room 411, 63 Fifth Avenue, at 12pm on Friday, February 16, for a discussion with Alexander Galloway, Professor of Media, Culture, and Communication at NYU, on his paper “Jodi’s Infrastructure.” Seminar participants are On Tuesday February 13th from 4pm-5:30pm, the University Learning Center will be offering the workshop Excel at Excel: Part 1. For Part 1, students will go over basic functions and operations of the Excel program (including inputting, calculating, formatting, and analyzing content). Students are strongly encouraged to bring On Wednesday January 24th from 1pm-2:30pm, the University Learning Center will be offering their first workshop of the spring semester: Time Management. This workshop will provide practical strategies to help students better plan and budget their time, avoid procrastination, and feel more in control of their work. Decolonizing Water Spring 2018 theme, will be hosting the event entitled Decolonial Knowleges. In this event participants will have the chance to hear from Professor Jasbir K. Puar (Rutgers) and Professor Macarena Gómez-Barris (Pratt). This event will take place on Thursday, January 25 from 5PM to 6:30PM at the Alumni Reading alumni Art call for entries call for papers CFE class Conference conferences creative opportunities creative opportunity documentary event events events around town events at the new school faculty fellowship festival film film festival Films Grant internship internships job job opportunities job opportunity lecture media news new school paid publication published research screening shannon mattern student film student resources Submissions theory Transmedia university announcement volunteer workshopBig car transport truck 3D is the king of all car transporter games, in this newest driving simulator you get to drive around with a real car carrying...For the past year, we've been saying that the retail sector is in trouble, and that the potential impact of Amazonification and the retailpocalypse will be felt in other sectors. Our primary concern is that as big box retailers often support local newspaper through ads. So that as an expected 2,500 retail locations shut down through early 2019, there will also be a cut in ad buys in local newspapers. And that may lead to local newspapers either laying off staff, shifting from a daily to a weekly, or from a weekly to twice-a-month, or shutting down completely. That could lead to an increase in what are being called new deserts -- communities that don't have access to local news. All of that has an impact on PR and marketing because there would be fewer outlets with which to reach key audiences. But we've also been concerned that the number of store closings will also impact real estate, both at malls and in towns. At malls, we've felt the problem is that if an anchor location remains empty, the entire mail will be written off by consumers. And that precipitates more closings, which becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy that leads to a downward spiral. In a Bloomberg News article yesterday that was syndicated into a number of papers, including the Boston Globe, "Struggling malls at crossroads as Sears makes exit," reporters Patrick Clark and Justina Vasquez made that same point: "As Sears shutters stores, landlords will have to overcome the perception that the entire property is failing or risk losing other tenants, said Burt Flickinger, managing director of Strategic Resource Group, a retail-advisory firm." “You’re going to see an epic hollowing out of the retail malls in America, especially the malls that are co-anchored by Sears” and another struggling large retailer, Flickinger said. “It’s creating an accelerating retail ice age and an economic Armageddon of unprecedented proportions in the US.” Retail is an important sector for the U.S., and not just to buy things. Retail can a communal activity whereas shopping online is not. And Bloomberg has reported on the negative impact on local towns in the U.K., when shops have closed on main street, and residents then have to drive thirty minutes or more to buy things they once could in their home town. Those towns suffer because there's literarily nothing holding people there. So, a lot of doom and gloom -- and you don't have to be a big shopper to see that this can affect you. We don't necessarily have a solution. But we feel that raising the issue is important, that discussing this can help lead to awareness. If we ignore the retailopaclypse, it's not going to go away. Each magazine works hard to develop its own personality, to provide information and perspective differently from its competitors. While For... Interesting article from the New York Times, " Walk In, Grab a Muffin and Watch a Newspaper Reinvent Itself " about the Torrington... For the second consecutive week, Bloomberg BusinessWeek validates one of our predictions for 2012. Last week's cover story validated our... There are a lot of people who like to predict the death of things. Long after TV was supposed to kill off radio (as depicted in " Vide... Recently Carrie Yatman , a PR specialist in San Francisco, asked an interesting question on LinkedIn: "Would any of these be in yo... At least, it wasn't what I thought it would be. I've lived in the Northeast, and always knew there were some country music stations... When the Boston Globe has made changes to the comics it publishes, the editors get lots of irate emails. Seems people are passionate about ... Each year, we make predictions as to what may be the most overused phrase in 2012 . In April, we nominated the word " pivot ," use... According to the Wall St. Journal, " Ad Influx Brightens Hopes For Newspapers, Magazines ," some print magazines are posting ... Will the backlash against social networks - because there will be one when the media tires of the topic - result in anti-social networks? There will be, if there's a way to monetize it. We need a filter to block all the invites from friends at other social networks. Somet... Just when we thought Ann Arbor Condo sales couldn’t go any higher, they continued to soar and at the end of December were higher than anytime in the past 5 years. And with inventory at it’s lowest level, buyers may run out of condo options soon. With a 2.7 months supply of condos available, this may happen sooner than later unless more units come to the market. Condo values rose 6.2% in 2012, and while not fully recovered, they continue to increase making it possible for many owners to put them up for sale. Get a head start on the spring market and get your condo listed for sale now! Not sure if your can sell just yet? Give the real estate experts at The Bouma Group a call at 734-761-3060 or email info@bouma.com and find out what it’s worth, you may be surprised! Not quite ready? Sign up for a free market snapshot and see what’s listed for sale and selling in your complex. We’ve been selling Ann Arbor Condos for almost 30 years and have the expertise to get yours sold quickly!http://www.mrpfister.co.uk/ is now online so go check it out, over time I shall add more content and finish off the game. Yes there is even a game hiden slightly away so go explore! Silverlight is Microsofts Cross platform, cross platform browser plugin that enables rich interactive experiences... such as my site. Its a bit like Flash but has better functionality. It's nice. Game is easy, but it works well. there's a small bug when you click outside of the range of the area encompassed of the boxes, it translates your click to moce the middle box. I think. I'm currently employed as a Software Engineer specializing in Embedded Solutions after finishing my Software Engineering degree at York. I was an Academic Developer Evanglist at Microsoft and a world-wide finalist in the Imagine Cup developer competition in both 2010 and 2011.As a professional piano player for most of his adult life, Billy Joel understands the appeal of ivory more than most -- but as he made clear with a recent public statement supporting a ban on illegal ivory sales in the state of New York, he also understands that using it often carries an unconscionably high price. Joel offered his support for the measure, introduced by New York governor Andrew Cuomo, in an open letter posted at his website. "I am a piano player. And I realize that ivory piano keys are preferred by some pianists," reads the note in part. "But a preference for ivory keys does not justify the slaughter of 96 elephants every day. There are other materials which can be substituted for piano keys. But magnificent creatures like these can never be replaced. Music must never be used as an excuse to destroy an endangered species. Music should be a celebration of life -- not an instrument of death." A LongIsland.com report on the bill quotes state Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver as calling New York "a leading market in the world for illegal ivory sales" and adding, "Not only are we protecting elephants and rhinos from extinction but we are also cutting off the flow of cash to organized crime and terrorist organizations." Cuomo concurred, vowing, "The illegal ivory trade has no place in New York State, and we will not stand for individuals who violate the law by supporting it. This bill expands restrictions on the sale of ivory materials and toughens penalties against those who sell them, helping to curtail the rise of a dangerous and cruel industry that is endangering animals around the world."Professor FAN Kun is an expert in the field of international dispute settlement and comparative legal studies. She has studied and worked in China, Singapore, U.S.A., Switzerland, France and Hong Kong, and speaks Chinese, English and French. She has been teaching at the Faculty of Law, The Chinese University of Hong Kong since 2009, and was a Visiting Scholar at Harvard Yenching Institute in 2012-2013. Before moving to Hong Kong, she worked as a Deputy Counsel at the ICC International Court of Arbitration in Paris, during which she has overseen hundreds of international arbitration cases pending under the ICC Rules spanning numerous industry and regions. She is also a Senior Consultant at Arbitration Asia. She has conducted several research projects as a principal investigator on various topics related to alternative dispute resolution. She is author of the book Arbitration in China: A Legal and Cultural Analysis (Hart Publishing) and has published extensively on cutting-edge issues in a variety of leading international journals. In recognition of her academic contribution, she received the award of Support for High-impact Scholarship 2013-2014 by the Committee on Focused Innovations Scheme, the Best Research Outputs for Arbitration Theory in 2015 by China Arbitration Research Institute, and Best Thesis in International Studies by the Swiss Network for International Studies Award in 2011. Professor Fan has been frequently invited for conferences, lectures or professional training sessions at distinguished institutions in a number of jurisdictions, including Harvard Law School, Harvard Yenching Institute, Cornell Law School, Harvard-Stanford Junior Faculty Forum, Cornell-Sorbonne Summer Institute, American University Washington College of Law, UNCITRAL Regional Centre for Asia and the Pacific, Queen Mary University School of International Arbitration, Geneva LLM in International Dispute Settlement, International Law Institute, The Institute for Transnational Arbitration, and Asian Development Bank. Apart from academic research, Professor Fan also has extensive experience in ADR practice, and has worked as counsel, expert, and secretary for the arbitration tribunal in a number of international arbitrations and as panelists (both as sole panelist and presiding panelist) in a number of domain names disputes. She is called to the New York Bar, Executive Council Member of the China Academy of Arbitration Law, Domain Names Panelist of the Hong Kong International Arbitration Center (“HKIAC”) and the Asian Domain Name Dispute Resolution Centre (“ADNDRC”), Member of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, Accredited Mediator of the HKIAC and the Hong Kong Mediation Accreditation Association Limited, and Arbitrator of Zhuhai Arbitration Commission International Arbitration Court and Nanjing Arbitration Commission. She also writes a blog of ADR Thoughts. There is no doubt that with the significant inbound and outbound investment in China, the number of cross-border disputes involving Chinese parties will continue to increase. Parties doing business with Chinese counter parts need to be aware of salient features of arbitration in China, the risks and challenges they face, the cultural differences, and how to effectively manage their arbitration proceedings. This course will give a behind-the-scene view of arbitration in China, highlight the unique features, and provide practical recommendations to successfully manage arbitration proceedings in China, from how to draft effective arbitration clauses to what is involved in enforcing awards.Persistent acne cysts can leave unsightly scars, unless proper care and treatment is administered during the early stages of the disorder. This article deals with the symptoms, causes, care and control of cystic acne, and discusses some of the preparations that are used to effectively ease the symptoms of acne, and prevent facial scars… Read Story Here Mamie Hatfield: Thanks for posting information that’s relevant to driving traffic and getting high page rank in... kurthenninger: Awesome video keith. I’m a huge fan of article marketing as well, but that article directory... Submit you ad to our co-op of publishers and it will be included in our PDF Flyer for you and others to distribute. Contact Terms Copyright © 2018 · Article Hunter Proudly powered by WordPress Theme by Carrington PrivacyEnter your email address and we'll email you a digital version of this coupon that you can present on your mobile device at the Jiffy Lube® Service Center to redeem your savings. What’s The Word?! Erica Campbell, of Mary Mary, speaks on Transsexuals and Gays within Gospel & Church As if Raven-Symone‘s nonsense on ‘black ghetto’ names wasn’t bad enough for a black woman who doesn’t exactly have the name ‘Poppy-Charlotte’, T.I. gives his thoughts on Hilary Clinton‘s run for presidency. The Atlanta born rapper sat down for an interview with DJ Whoo Kid The Whoolywood Shuffle radio show on Monday, and saw it fit to discuss his ‘non-sexist’ views on women not having what it takes to be President of the United States. According to Tip, women are emotional beings and are unable to make important decisions without their estrogen levels interfering. “Not to be sexist but, I can’t vote for the leader of the free world to be a woman. Just because, every other position that exists, I think a woman could do well. But the president? It’s kinda like, I just know that women make rash decisions emotionally – they make very permanent, cemented decisions – and then later, it’s kind of like it didn’t happen, or they didn’t mean for it to happen. “And I sure would hate to just set off a nuke. You will not be able to negotiate the right kinds of foreign policy; the world ain’t ready yet. I think you might be able to the Loch Ness Monster elected before you could get a woman.” Of course in true foot-in-mouth fashion, the rapper took to Twitter to apologise for his remarks, which sounded more like a child reluctantly doing so after being ordered to by their Mother. My comments about women running for president were unequivocally insensitive and wrong. I sincerely apologize to everyone I offended. Sure to be an opinion held by many, who are more than likely to be majority male, it shouldn’t be too shocking as we all know it is still an on-going fight for women to be seen as men’s equal. Just this week actress Jennifer Lawrence expressed her anger with the pay gap in Hollywood between female actresses and their male counterparts. Although here in the U.K. we were able to achieve exactly what is it T.I. explains the “world” isn’t quite ready for, former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher was elected to Downing Street in 1979. It is more than likely that there are doubts that a female politician will have the opportunity to run Great Britain again, or at least anytime soon. Hey, although a very separate issue the struggle for real race equality is still a huge on-going issue in the U.S. and all over the world for black people, and will continue to be long after Barack Obama has completed his term in office. The ignorance won’t die out just because such great achievements are made….ignorance is ever so prevalent. Just when we thought this year couldn't get any better for the pop culture phenomenon that is Rihanna, we find out she's... Read More... Can you believe it has been 12 years since the last 112 album, 2005’s Pleasure & Pain. The Grammy Award Winning q... Read More... Wizkid made history last weekend, becoming the first ever Afrobeats artist to headline at Royal Albert Hall. His sold-ou... Read More... Funky fresh and dressed ready to party! We love us some Sharaya J and incase you missed it the Jersey City native recent... Read More... In the heart of London Town at the legendary Jazz Café, the Cognac & Conversation singer Teedra Moses bought her art... Read More... Team Curtains is a London-founded Entertainment Website serving you the latest with Music News, Pop Culture & Celebrity Interviews. Finding and retaining a dedicated R programmer can be quite a challenge for some companies. Not for us though. We have a strict hiring process to properly screen our R developers in Eastern Europe. In addition to our theoretical tests, talents must show practical, and hands-on R development experience. R is an open source programming language and software environment for statistical computing and graphics that is supported by the R Foundation for Statistical Computing. The R language is widely used among statisticians and data miners for developing statistical software and data analysis. R's popularity has increased substantially in recent years. The facts are clear. The demand for highly skilled talents in R development is higher than the supply. It creates a tremendous shortage in the market. Our mission is simple: Hunt, hire, retain the best R programmers in Eastern Europe. This allows our clients to always remain ahead of the curve. Team Extension is located in Bucharest, Romania. As a start-up hub, Bucharest has many advantages, including high speed Fiber Optic internet connections (Romania was ranked fifth best in the world for internet connection speed by bloomberg.com), low operating costs and overheads; plus, a wealth of home grown technical talent. Given the rise to a required entrepreneurial culture of self-sufficiency and flexibility, which has spawned a strengthening business sector, a wealth of technical skills and resources who speak English. We at Team Extension North America, Inc believe the success of our business heavily relies on the happiness of our employees regardless of what we are building, inventing, or selling. We place our full confidence in our technical talent and their growth within our organization; simply because we can’t move forward, and grow without our teams. Yes. We require an initial deposit that will be applied as a credit to your first invoice once you hire your R developers. If you decide not to move forward, your deposit will be completely refunded. Yes. While we rigorously screen our resources to ensure they meet your requirements, we understand that not every developer will be a perfect fit for every company. We primarily work with ACH, bank wires and typically work with EUR, CHF, USD and GBP. For smaller amounts, we do accept all major credit cards. You, the client. Our team works directly for you and upon full payment all IP, rights, products & code produced by TE are your property. All our R developers work from one of our facilities in Eastern Europe. This is to guarantee the IP, security, know-how of our clients' proprietary code and assets. We have facilities in most of Eastern Europe, in particular in Romania, Ukraine, and in the Balkans. Feel free to schedule a visit! TE is known to be strict on security. Remote work, and freelancing is great as a concept, but our clients, Fortune 500 companies and governments in particular, are very keen to make sure the IP of what their R developers work on, is safely stored. We do not compete on price, we compete on quality. The market is in high demand for R developers, and there is not enough R developers to go around. Simple economics you might say. This means that pricing around the world is high, regardless of location. We employ your R developer directly (on your behalf). We pay all the employements taxes, and employment contribution to the state. Hassle-free for you. No complicated paperwork and administrative hassle to go through. You. This is a major advantage for you and our R developers. You work directly together. That's why we typically let our clients manage their R developers directly. You know your R application better than anyone. Upon request, we also provide project management -on your behalf- of your R developers. Yes. On-site deployment of R developer staff is available upon request. All TE developers will have final say in relocation because happy developers are a top priority. All cost of living adjustments & relocation fees are passed along to the client. This arrangement works best for 3-6 month periods. Client's seeking long-term on-site relocation are advised to let TE know in advance so we may hire specific R candidates looking for relocation. Yes. Think of us as an extension of your team. For QA, we perform free QA smoke test on your R application. We highly recommend you allocate for a dedicated QA in your budget. For CS, we also have resources available to do the CS of your R application. Team Extension uses Git, GitHub, Jira, Slack for communication. We'll also invite you to our Slack channel. Yes, we can/will use VPN, and yes you can use whatever tools your company is currently using and pass it over to us. If training is required, please take this into account when we are doing the onboarding of your R developers. Lastly, if licenses are required, please make sure to procure licenses of the software in question for the developer. Great news! Simply go to https://teamextension.us/get-started/en. Just fill the form and one of our expert will write you back within 24-48 hours to get your account setup. We are constantly recruiting talented R developers, simply go to https://teamextension.careers to find out about our open positions. Hire the best R developers, engineers, developers, coders, architects, and consultants in Eastern Europe. Fortune 500 and start-ups choose Team Extension's R developers for their mission critical software projects.All actors and models appearing on this website are 18 years or older. Section 2257 / DMCA / Antispam Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. tubepants.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We have no control over the content of these pages. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion. We have a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We do not produce or host the videos displayed on this website. We also take no responsibility for the search queries collected automatically.X-linked dominant inheritance occurs when a masculine has an strange X chromosome or a female has in unison deviant X chromosome. .. The DRG carry pseudounipolar sensory neurons Â so called because they give arise to a single axon that bifurcates, with unified neighbourhood projecting to the boundary and the ululated VBD Dameron NNP Manipur NNP Nieuwe NNP switchover NN Horner NNP chiropodists NNS associatively RB discernment NN autogyro NN batman .. NNP photobooth NN Karjalainen NNP Ziller NNP hercynian JJ mbas NNS unaccomplished JJ sumptuously RB single-deckers NNS Lungfish NNP flamingoes cerco amici farmerama X single norske dameron Here at Ding we understand that being separated from your loved ones can be difficult and we want you to feel closer to them with the gift of mobile reload. With our easy-to-use service you can send load to any prepaid Globe, Smart, Touch or Sun Cellular phone in the Philippines, no matter where in the world you are. At Ding it's our mission to work hard to make it easy for you to send reload any time of the day. So whether you're buying reload for your own phone or for someone else's we've got you covered. It doesn’t matter if your family lives on the other side of the world, you’re traveling or your best friend is doing an internship abroad, we make sure you can stay in touch with everybody. This is why at Reload.com.ph, you can refill your own credit and that of your friends and family worldwide. Currently, we’re selling load credit exclusively in The Philippines. Send load to Philippines from the comfort of your home or office to your loved ones, with our state of the art top up credit facility. This Smart load online service is available 24x7 and 95 percent of transactions is delivered within less then one minute. If you are looking for Smart prepaid load simple enter the recipient mobile number that you want the load to be sent to, choose the amount of Smart prepaid load you wish above and make payments conveniently through credit cards, debit cards or PayPal, and we will credit your recipient instantly.Click on an area of interest below to find out more about some of the key considerations to take into account when entering a new market. The legislation and tax applicable to you when selling to German consumers will vary depending on whether you are an EU incorporated entity or operating outside of the Union. Germany boasts a well-developed e-commerce environment therefore giving German consumers the option to be picky when purchasing from online stores. German consumers are traditional in their online payment methods, favouring direct debit or online bank transfer mechanisms. The German logistics market is the most developed in the world and ranks first in the World Bank’s 2014 International Logistics Performance Index.During a recent trip to Nordstrom I noticed a handful of dresses that looked insanely identical to the dresses I've been lusting after at Target...My only reasonable explanation was that these new finds were in-fact the inspiration to the Target dresses that are 1/2 the price. The Fire Macrame Racerback dresses run for $48, with limited colors online (way more in-stores) whereas the Xhilaration Macrame Back Dresses are a mere $24.99. Labels bold prints and colors, designer looks for less, dresses, fab finds under 50, Nordstrom, spot the steal, Target love this dress though i tried the target one on and it looked awful; just didn't hang right and i love me a dress from tarjay! wow. im totally in love with this. total must have. thanks for another lovely post. I hope you have an amazing weekend. Would love if you'd check out my latest pick for Fabulous Friday and see who fell at the bottom and top of Fash Boulevard's Fash Fave and Fash Fail of the week. Thanks love. xoxoChina Orb, online Chinese to English dictionary with nearly 1 million entries and plenty of excellent examples. The pin yin and pronunciation sound of Chinese wrods are provided. China Orb includes a lot of Chinese professional terms in many industries such as Medicine, Chemistry, Mechanism, Electricity, Computer, Economy, Law, Architecture. If you can not find satisfying translation elsewhere,try China Orb Chinese to English dictionary. China Orb, online English to Chinese dictionary with more than 1 million entries and plenty of excellent examples. China Orb includes a lot of English professional terms in many industries such as Medicine, Chemistry, Mechanism, Electricity, Computer, Economy, Law, Architecture. If you can not find satisfying translation elsewhere,try China Orb English to Chinese dictionary. "Where by this Ordinance any instrument or writing is required to be signed by any person,it is not necessary that he should sign it with his ownhand, but it is sufficient if his signature is written thereon by some other person by or under his authority." Among the more than3,200 signatories are seven former government ministers or deputy ministers, five former provincial leaders, a sprinkling of retired senior military officers and about50 professors at the party's Central School, an academy for top officials. Among them, eight of the petitioners appealed to the Supreme Court on September 4. They are asking the court to rule the occupation illegal. The scheme is based on distributed computing, with which a signatory can implement data signature scheme while his private key and the secret shared with the communication peer are not revealed. Lydia Romanin is a Jesus follower who is wife to Nick Romanin and mother to Nathaniel, Ethan, and Abigail. Lydia and Nick currently live in West Lafayette, Indiana, where they serve full-time with China Outreach Ministries, reaching Chinese international students at Purdue University. Lydia is a Wheatie for life (Wheaton College) and an enthusiast of Christian Classical education. In her spare time, Lydia enjoys being with kids, doing calligraphy, teaching piano, running, and being active. For more of her writing, check out: The Hostess with the Mostess – A Pre-Arrival Reflection, the first part of her summer series processing her experiences hosting a Chinese family, and Ambassadors to Both Cultures, a personal reflection on her Chinese American identity. For Nick and I, hosting people means inviting them to become part of our family, and we believe that extending hospitality is an important foundation to building relationships. This summer, we have a female student, M, and her mom, Ayi, staying with us. They arrived in the middle of June and leave in the beginning of August. M has shared with me that she is excited for her mom to experience living with a God-fearing, Jesus-following family. We are all hoping that God will work on Ayi’s heart during her stay with us – that she will see Christ lived out. It’s been one week since M and Ayi moved in, and aside from the few awkward cultural and personal differences, it’s been going well! Some of the cultural differences are differences in our family cultures, not necessarily general American vs. Chinese cultural differences. To start, Ayi shared with me that she has a maid come to her house Monday through Friday to clean, cook, buy groceries, and do other household chores. This is a common practice in China for those in the upper middle class who can afford it and who have busy work schedules. Many times, these maids become lifelong friends with the families they work for. But you can imagine the awkwardness I felt when Ayi started washing dishes at my house after every meal. “You are paying me for you to do what you pay someone else to do at your house?” Talk about different lifestyles! Another difference is the way we deal with leftovers. Because she cooks breakfast for herself, and her maid cooks lunch and dinner, Ayi eats freshly-cooked, new food for each meal, every day. Our family is quite different. We typically eat leftovers for lunch, and sometimes our breakfasts aren't even hot breakfasts. Since lunch is typically leftovers, we save whatever is uneaten at dinner. One night when Ayi was cleaning up with us, she asked me, “What should I do with these brussel sprouts?” Without looking up from my computer, I immediately responded, “You can save them for tomorrow's lunch.” I wasn't looking, but that comment got a look of shock from Ayi, so extreme that it gave everyone else a good laugh! Since then, Ayi has cautiously asked me what she should do with every meal's leftovers. As we get to know our guests, things are becoming more comfortable and we are better able to understand how to serve them. M is enrolled in two summer classes at Purdue and is also working at a lab far from campus. This means each day she is gone from 7am to 7pm with no visits home during the day. A strenuous day for a summer schedule! During the first week of classes, M was preoccupied with mapping out her bike route and spending enough time at her job at the lab. She was stressed out with how far her lab was from campus – a thirty-minute bike ride over paved and unpaved paths. In addition to the stress of her two summer intensive courses, her road bike couldn't handle the unpaved road, which led to her tire popping two times in one week! Dealing with these transportation issues, inclement weather, and homework, M hasn't said much about if she wishes she were spending more time with her mom or not. Ayi is at home during the day. The first few days, she was still recovering from jet lag and didn't really participate much with us; she just stayed in her room, resting. But Ayi seems to have gotten more used to her new schedule. So far her routine in the morning is to stay with me and the kids or go for a walk on her own. As in traditional Chinese custom, she then takes a nap in the afternoon, which coincides with the kids’ naps. Afterwards, she helps me prepare for dinner. Ayi has expressed disappointment in the lack of time she gets to hang out with M, which I understand since she did fly from China to be with her daughter. Now that homework and work take up most of M's life, Ayi is jealous for any time she can spend with her. She waits on the porch in the evenings, looking for M to return home on her bike. Ayi also wakes up early in the morning with M and cooks breakfast for her before she has to leave for school. This first week, I am praising God for all the opportunities we have had to interact with Ayi in different contexts! God has blessed our family with a united spirit in our eagerness to love M and her mom. So far the kids always want to include them in all that we do. “Can M and Yipo come fishing with us?” Or at church on Fridays and Sundays, “That's Yipo's seat!” Ayi also came with us on our once a month (or so) trip to Costco about an hour away. She said that Costco was similar to Sam's Club, which they have in China. The most American experience I think Ayi has had so far is coming with us to an end-of-VBS BBQ. She sat and observed while we went up to the buffet line to get food. We ate hot dogs, burgers, fruit salad, raw vegetables, and lemonade. She wanted to see what foods we combined and ate together, and then she wanted to go by herself to get food. She was excited to eat hot dogs two days in a row (we had Costco hot dogs the previous day). She watched the VBS kids perform their VBS songs and commented that it was wonderful how the church provided an opportunity for kids to sing together. Ayi and I chit chat a lot throughout the day. We speak Mandarin together, with an occasional English word thrown in. It’s a huge help that I know Mandarin, as this has made it easy for me to get to know her better. It also makes potentially awkward moments less awkward. Our kids speak Chinglish to Ayi (half Chinese, half English). She and our kids banter all day, joking around and playing. Our oldest son, Nathaniel, who is five, always wants M to sit next to him at the dining table, and he doesn't want Ayi to sit next to him. So every night at dinner, they joke around: Ayi is a woman of vigor, vivacity and verbosity (catch the alliteration?), and she helps out with whatever housework she can. Since Ayi’s been here, I haven’t had to wash dishes! In Chinese culture, being impeding or adding to another’s burden (麻烦 mafan) is looked down upon. I think Ayi feels like in order to be a polite, dutiful house guest, she should alleviate my burden in whatever way she can. This has actually been the source of most of the awkward moments this past week. Volunteering herself to do household chores multiple times a day sometimes makes me feel strange because she is a house guest and also older than me. I find myself trying to read between the lines. Is it blessing her to do these things because it will make her feel more comfortable with the way she is “burdening” us? Is she paying for us or buying us things to show her own generosity or to pay us back for having her in our house? These are the questions that run through my mind and Nick’s as we interact with Ayi. Hopefully, as we get to know her better, we will find the root to some of these questions. Or perhaps our ability to read between the lines will improve. It seems that Ayi has noticed some of our efforts to “not conform to the pattern of this world, but to be transformed by the renewing of our minds” (Romans 12:2). She commented recently on how she really approves of our “American” way of raising kids, and how Chinese families have a lot to improve on compared to our family. This comment gave me a chance to say that many American families don’t raise their children the way we attempt to, and that what we do is possible only because Nick and I draw from the best source of Wisdom and the Perfect Example of how a parent should act toward his children. She also seems to be very surprised at how frugal we are in our eating (I try to save every bit of leftover food) and with how we think about money. Her comments of “I need to learn more from you” and “You guys know how to enjoy life” lead me think that she is open to hearing new ideas and thoughts, and that there is a great window of opportunity in which Truth can be spoken. Many people comment that they would love to have house guests more often if only it weren’t for the inconvenience (to themselves) of living with others. But we are finding that it is a blessing to us if in our attempts to build relationship, our only inconveniences are planning meals more rigidly or waiting longer to use the bathroom. If people are the priority – if building relationships really is most important – then shouldn’t your convenience be a pleasurable sacrifice? An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered; an adventure is an inconvenience rightly considered. American Voices, Chinese Voices, Community, Culture, Global-Local, Hospitality, Lydia Romanin, Testimonies/StoriesLydia Romanin June 30, 2016 CommentOne of these days the bozos in Washington are going to have someone they truly trust read through these documents before they vote on them. (Yes, actually reading the documents IS too much to ask). Did you know that in the new Patriot Act Roberto "I don't recall" Gonzales has the power to decide that a death-row appeals process is taking too long and to expedite the execution? Previously this power has resided in the hands of federal judges. Now this might not sound like a big deal, but let me assure you that these amendments are not written casually. The mere fact that it is there implies that it will be used. Perhaps they expect at least one Guantanamo detainee to get a death sentence in a civilian court. This could keep the case out of the appeal courts. But, to bring in any measure meant to "fast track" executions at a time when the number of past and planned executions have been dismissed due to DNA testing is accelerating boggles this bystanders mind. Again, these things don't happen by accident. The question is, "Whom do they want to kill?" Rest assured it is someone. I am, by all accounts, a vagabond, hitching my way through the cultural jungle that covers our insignificant little planet, learning where possible, writing when compelled, imbibing when called on and, when struck on the head by a particularly nasty muse, taking photos. Send me a daily email when updates are made to the obituary or Condolence page for Bonnie L. Parrish. Plant the handcrafted butterfly card and striking wildflowers will grow in memory of your loved one. Plant the enclosed heart and beautiful annual and perennial wildflowers will grow in memory of your loved one. Catherine Babb Seitz went home to be with her heavenly father on September 9, 2018, only two short months after being preceded in death by her husband of 43 years, Michael Dale Seitz, Sr. Better known as "Cathy" she was well loved by anyone who met her. She was an extraordinary mother to her two sons, raising them to be good and loving men. Her house was always open to their friends, many of whom still call her mom. Her grandchildren were the light of her life, who she spoiled whenever she was able. She remained a pillar of love and support to her four sisters. Cathy was a dedicated bus driver for Prince George County Schools for over 10 years. She was an avid supporter of first responders. Cathy enjoyed talking on the phone with her family and friends. Wherever she went, she was seen with a cup full of ice with a spoon, because she loved to chew ice. Her smile and loving personality affected so many, and she will be greatly missed by all who knew her. Cathy was preceded in death by her father, Junius Monroe Babb; her mother, Mary Catherine Newsome Babb; and loving husband, Michael Dale Seitz, Sr. She is survived by her mother-in-law, Eula Seitz Carr; her two sons, Michael Seitz, Jr. (Chrissy), and Timothy Seitz (Adrianne); her grandchildren, Emma, Macy, Kaylee, Kaleb, and Kaiden; her four sisters, Nellie Emory (John), Donna Anderson, Ida Merritt (Richard), and Phyllis Brim and daughter, Katie; and many nieces and nephews. A funeral service will be held at 11:00 a.m. on Thursday, September 13, 2018, at the Crater Road Chapel of E. Alvin Small Funeral Homes and Crematory, 3935 S. Crater Road, Petersburg, Virginia 23805. Interment will follow in Southlawn Memorial Park, S. Prince George. The family will receive friends from 6:00 – 8:00 p.m. Wednesday night, September 12, 2018, at the funeral home. Condolences may be registered at www.ealvinsmall.com. Nancy J. Schroeder, 62, passed away at the Bailey Center on September 3, 2018. Nancy was born in 1956 to parents, John and Angeline McKenzie in Alliance, Ohio. A loving mother and grandmother, she is survived by her daughters: Rachel, Michele and Alisha, sons: John and Joshua, grandchildren: Jonathan, Ethan, Aaron, Craig, Estevan, Makayla, Jennapher, Scarlett and Hudson, Great-grandchildren: Eric and Autumn and brother, John McKenzie. Craig Funeral Home, Crematory and Memorial Park (www.craigfuneralhome.com) is in charge of arrangements. Hogan Lovells US LLP is primarily known for advising middle-market private equity firms and is increasingly recognized for cross-border deals. As one of the world’s leading regulatory firms, it has an especially strong record in regulated sectors such as life sciences, healthcare, technology and financial services. Clients include KRG Capital Partners, Actis, Advent International, ACON Investments, Anschutz, Quad-C Management, Columbia Capital, One Rock Capital and Warburg Pincus. A team led by New York’s Alex Johnson advised UK-based private equity fund Actis on the sale of Anthelio Healthcare Solutions, the largest independent provider of healthcare technology solutions in North America, to Atos. Denver partner George Hagerty and Northern Virginia’s Robert Welp are also recommended. After years of debate, on 14 June 2012 and in its last days of office, the Legislative Council finally enacted Hong Kong’s first cross- sector competition law. Allegations of delayed filing for insolvency are easily made, yet the investigations need to maintain a sense of proportion. A home search can just as easily overshoot the mark. hGears Holding GmbH has successfully concluded a group financing by way of a syndicated loan in replacement of existing facilities. Syndicate banks are HSH Nordbank AG and SEB AG. AVELLUM represented UK citizen in Supreme Court dispute regarding return of wrongfully retained child to England. Even if a commercial agency agreement is terminated during the probationary period, the commercial agent may still be entitled to claim compensation or damages. That was the verdict of the ECJ. AVELLUM advises Ukrainian investment firm on establishment of yet another joint venture in renewable energy sector Foyen advised OX2 in the construction of the Nordic region's largest unsubsidised wind power project The renewable energy company OX2 has been engaged to construct four wind power farms with 25 wind power plants (107.4 MW) in Finland. This will be the largest unsubsidised wind power project to date in the Nordic region. The limitation period for a commercial agent’s right to be issued with an excerpt from the accounts normally begins at the close of the year in which he or she received a final commission settlement. The owners of Briner AG Winterthur sold the company. Briner is a leading family-owned trading and service company operating in the fields of construction services, steel services, supply systems and building services as well as heating and energy systems. King & Spalding LLP’s ‘responsive and knowledgeable’ team provides ‘an excellent quality of service’ and brings ‘a strong level of experience and expertise, particularly in the corporate financing space’. The practice focuses on private equity, restructuring, M&A and tax matters, and regularly advises on the deployment of equity and debt capital to the public and private markets. Key individuals include Timothy Goodwin, who handles the structuring and formation of investment funds and has notable expertise acting for REITs and tax-exempt pension fund investors; Joshua Kamin, who advises on real estate transactions in the office, multifamily, retail and healthcare sectors, among others; and Jennifer Morgan, who handles private equity and transactional matters from the New York office. Davis Powell is also a name to note and recently represented Hansainvest in its formation of a multifamily residential joint venture platform with Bell Partners. Other highlights included advising Black Creek Capital on multiple fund formations, including a new investment platform through portfolio company MIRA Group and a new open-end real estate fund, the Black Creek Industrial Open End Fund, which seeks to build a diverse portfolio of buildings across the US. Douglas Emmett and Clarion Partners are also key clients. King & Spalding LLP’s ‘second to none’ expertise spans intellectual property, life sciences, healthcare, energy and environmental areas. The group is particularly strong in cases with a regulatory angle. At the Federal Circuit, Daryl Joseffer defended the district court judgment for Amgen in a $4bn patent infringement appeal by Sanofi and Praluent, and is leading a team, including Anne Voigts, defending a jury verdict for Google in copyright infringement case filed by Oracle and pertaining to the alleged use of the Java platform for Android. Jeffrey Bucholtz represented PODS Enterprises at the Eleventh Circuit appeal filed by U-Haul from a $65m award at the trademark infringement jury trial. ‘One of the finest’, Merritt McAlister is also noted. At King & Spalding LLP, Wick Sollers and Mark Jensen in Washington DC and Paul Murphy in Atlanta are singled out for their ‘experience and reputations for integrity and leadership’. The firm is best known for its healthcare white-collar practice, but it also excels in SEC work - including regulatory, insider trading and FCPA matters and governmental investigations. The Washington DC-based John Richter is representing four employees of Fresenius Medical Care Saudi Arabia in connection with a global DOJ FCPA investigation arising from corruption allegations. The team is acting for Equifax in a number of matters arising from a cybersecurity incident, including state and congressional investigations as well as city and state enforcement matters. Christopher Wray left to become Director of the FBI and Robert Hur was appointed to a US Attorney position. Zachary Fardon leads the newly opened office in Chicago. King & Spalding LLP is active in litigation in various forums, including trial and appellate courts, and before government agencies and regulatory bodies. Its broad practice sees it handling litigation across the country, including cases with cross-border elements. In the fallout of a cybersecurity incident that attracted significant media attention, Equifax retained the firm, led by Atlanta-based Phyllis Sumner, to represent it in an array of consumer class actions, congressional hearings and investigations. In professional malpractice disputes, it is a ‘go-to firm’; recommended partners James Cusick and James Capra are experts in this field. Former US Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois Zachary Fardon joined in 2017 to head the firm’s new Chicago office. Richard Marooney’s practice takes in business litigation in the energy, accounting and financial services industries, among others. Named attorneys are based in New York except where otherwise indicated. King & Spalding LLP is commended for its ‘precise legal advice’. It handles investment and international commercial arbitration and stands out for its experience in energy-sector disputes. Tracie Renfroe and Wade Coriell, who works across the firm’s Houston and Singapore offices, secured a $380m victory for ConocoPhillips’ wholly-owned subsidiary, Burlington Resources, in a long-running investment treaty arbitration against Ecuador before ICSID, and successfully defended Burlington Resources against Ecuador’s $2.6bn counterclaim for alleged environmental harm and infrastructure damage. Roberto Aguirre Luzi, department co-head Doak Bishop and Craig Miles won a long-running ICSID arbitration case for Spanish clients Teinver, Transportes de Cercanías and Autobuses Urbanos del Sur against the Argentine Republic over the unlawful expropriation of two airlines. Key contacts include global disputes head Reginald Smith, John Bowman, Silvia Marchili and recently promoted partner Jorge Mattamouros, in addition to New York-based Henry Burnett, James Berger, David Kiefer, recently promoted partner Viren Mascarenhas and Edward Kehoe, who co-heads the department. Washington DC-based consultant Margrete Stevens is also recommended. Named individuals are based in Houston unless otherwise stated. King & Spalding LLP ‘has distinguished itself in the enforcement of international judgments’. The US practice, which works as part of a global disputes practice across 20 offices worldwide, handled high-stakes litigation including a $3bn matter for Petersen Energía against YPF and Argentina relating to the loss of the company’s 25% holding in YPF. Practice head Reggie Smith in Houston led that case and also represented the plaintiffs in Ascom (Stati) v Kazakhstan Enforcement, which concerns a $500m arbitral award under the Energy Charter Treaty. James Berger specializes in the enforcement of international arbitral awards, and acted for Rusoro Mining in efforts to enforce a $1.2bn award against the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela. Zach Harmon in Washington DC and Andrew Hruska in New York are also recommended. Noted for its ‘first-rate’ US petitioners trade remedy practice which is always adverse to China, King & Spalding LLP is well-positioned to pick up a sustained flow of work for its clients in the light of the Trump administration’s protectionist trade policy. However, as a caveat to this, the team’s popularity with the current administration has meant that it has lost several high-profile lawyers to the government in the past 12 months including Stephen Vaugn and Gill Kaplan. Following on from the firm’s successful representation of AK Steel as one of the petitioners in the anti-dumping and countervailing duties investigations of corrosion resistant, cold-rolled and hot-rolled steel imports, Steve Jones is representing AK Steel in the investigation initiated by the Trump administration under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 into whether imports of steel threaten to impair US national security and in the first administrative reviews of the flat-rolled orders. ‘Very smart’ team head Stephen Orava and Michael Taylor have vast anti-dumping and countervailing duty petitioner expertise, with Orava also regularly handling WTO litigation including his ongoing representation of the Brazilian Sugarcane Industry Association in challenging Thailand’s subsidies in the sugar sector. Praised for his ‘high level of experience’, Taylor also spearheads the firm’s customs work which includes representing clients before the border agencies concerning import violations, classification, valuation declarations and origin determinations. Other recommended partners include Christine Savage, who leads the firm’s export controls, economic sanctions and CFIUS sub-group, and Section 337 expert Jeffrey Telep. Neal Reynolds joined the firm in December 2017 from the ITC. King & Spalding LLP has a prominent securities litigation practice in the South through its Atlanta office, where Michael Smith, Warren Pope and Robert Thornton are the key names. In In re Books-A-Million, Inc Stockholders Litigation, Pope successfully secured the dismissal of all claims on appeal to the Delaware Supreme Court. In In re Carmike Cinemas, Inc Shareholder Litigation, Smith and Pope represented Carmike’s board in a shareholder class action that challenged its proposed $1.1bn merger with AMC Entertainment. They successfully defeated the plaintiffs’ emergency attempt to obtain a temporary restraining order. While Carol Wood heads the overall tort and environment practice at King & Spalding LLP, Philip Holladay leads the firm’s Atlanta-based automotive and transportation subgroup. The team recently underwent significant changes; Shawn Stephens and Dan Willoughby retired and Halli Cohn departed to Troutman Sanders in July 2017. The departures were countered with the July 2017 hire of four partners from Reed Smith LLP in New York, namely John Hooper, Kelly D’Auria, Eric Gladbach and Jacqueline Seidel. In one highlight, Hooper, Gladbach and Seidel obtained approval of the economic loss class action settlement for Toyota in the high-profile Takata airbag MDL. The firm’s client roster also includes Ford, Mercedes and General Motors. Product liability, mass tort and class action: consumer products (including tobacco) - ranked: tier 4 King & Spalding LLP’s consumer products group is led by Richard Schneider in Atlanta, while the wider practice is headed by Carol Wood in Houston. The team continues to represent RJ Reynolds Tobacco in Engle Progeny tobacco cases in Florida and recently obtained several defense verdicts and appellate victories in related lawsuits. In other work, Andrew Bayman and Stephen Devereaux defended Floor & Decor in several personal injury claims and a putative nationwide class action, in which plaintiffs allege that laminate flooring sold by the defendant emits excessive levels of formaldehyde. Charlotte-based Cory Hohnbaum and Jeffrey Furr are other key figures in the department. Product liability, mass tort and class action: pharmaceuticals and medical devices - defense - ranked: tier 2 The life sciences and healthcare practice group at King & Spalding LLP is co-headed by Atlanta-based Andrew Bayman and Bruce Hurley in Houston. Led by Bayman, the team continues to represent GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as national counsel in litigation related to the anti-depressant medication Paxil, which involves allegations that the use of the drug during pregnancy causes congenital defects. In other work, Hurley and Houston-based Tracie Renfroe continue to represent Johnson & Johnson in hip implant litigation including an MDL, in which plaintiffs allege defective design, defective manufacturing and failure to warn. Merck, Bristol-Myers Squibb and Eli Lilly are also clients of the firm. In April 2017, the Austin office was strengthened with the hire of Lana Varney, Stephen Huffaker and Lisa Shub from Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP, and in July 2017, Eric Gladbach, Kelly D’Auria and Jacqueline Seidel joined from Reed Smith LLP. Shawn Stephens and Dan Willoughby retired and Halli Cohn joined Troutman Sanders in July 2017. Senior counsel Chilton Varner in Atlanta is another name to note. King & Spalding LLP regularly represents manufacturers in high-profile toxic tort litigation in the automotive, chemical products and pharmaceuticals industries. In Los Angeles, Alex Calfo and Julia Romano continue to defend Johnson & Johnson in talc litigation and recently obtained defense verdicts in two lawsuits involving claims that talcum powder products, including J&J’s Baby Powder, caused the plaintiffs to develop mesothelioma. Led by Houston-based Tracie Renfroe, the team acts as lead trial counsel for Shell in products liability, negligence, nuisance and trespass claims alleging that agricultural chemicals contaminated drinking water wells. The practice is headed by Atlanta-based Kevin Buster; Carol Wood leads the overall tort and environmental department in the Houston office, where the recommended Robert Meadows and Elizabeth Taber are also based. King & Spalding LLP has ‘a strong brand and a strong reputation, as well as experienced trial lawyers’. Paul Bessette, who works mainly from the Austin office, and Israel Dahan in New York are currently representing FXCM Inc in a class action brought by shareholders who suffered losses after the Swiss National Bank allowed the Swiss franc to trade freely against the euro. They allege the forex trader misled the market about potential risks. In Atlanta, Michael Smith and Warren Pope are acting for Equifax in lawsuits arising from a cybersecurity breach in which plaintiffs allege the company misled the market about its ability to protect against such breaches. Austin-based Michael Biles and Dixie Johnson in Washington DC are among the other notable partners. King & Spalding LLP’s practice is largely weighted towards issuer-side clients and handles the full spread of public and private offerings and liability management transactions. Practice head Keith Townsend recently advised SunTrust Banks on a $1bn notes offering. Carrie Ratliff is also a key partner and, with Jeffrey Stein, assisted UPS with a two-tranche notes offering totaling €1.2bn. The group also includes Houston-based Jeffery Malonson and new counsel Jennifer DePalma, who joined from The Credit Junction in 2017 and splits her time between the firm’s Palo Alto and New York offices. Named attorneys are based in Atlanta, unless otherwise stated. King & Spalding LLP has a good reputation for borrower and lender work. The alternative lender side of the practice was boosted by the arrival of partner Jennifer Daly, who rejoined the firm from Hunter Peak Investments. The firm has strong relationships with several national banks including Citizens Bank and SunTrust Bank, the latter of which it represented as lead arranger in a $1.75bn facility to Buckeye Partners, a major petroleum pipeline operator. On the borrower side, the firm represented FleetCor Technologies on a $600m loan to finance a portion of its purchase of the Brazilian company, Serviços e Tecnologia de Pagamentos. The firm also advised EVO Payments International on an $845m facility, part of which was used to finance its acquisition of Sterling Payment Technologies. Atlanta-based Carolyn Alford heads the team, which has several well-regarded members in New York and Charlotte, including Todd Holleman, Cecilia Hong, and Chris Molen. King & Spalding LLP’s ‘extremely talented lawyers’ have considerable experience in representing the sponsors of oil and gas projects, with particular emphasis on LNG mandates; Ken Culotta, who demonstrates ‘keen insight into client needs and expectations’, is advising Quebec LNG on the finance for an LNG export project in Canada, while Scott Greer continued to assist Freeport LNG with the non-recourse financing of its LNG export terminal near Freeport, Texas. In other highlights, Culotta, Daniel Rogers and Vera de Gyarfas assisted SeaOne Caribbean with the development finance for a compressed gas liquids production, transportation and delivery project at Mississippi, and Culotta and Archie Fallon advised Magnum Energy on the private equity financing of an up to 10 million barrel refined products storage facility in Utah. Brian Betancourt and James Bowe are key contacts in New York and Washington DC respectively. Named attorneys are based in Houston unless otherwise stated. King & Spalding LLP fields a ‘deep bench’ that specializes in middle-market finance deals involving esoteric assets, although it is best known for its work in whole-business securitization. Department head Michael Urschel (‘an incredible talent in all respects’) advises issuers and underwriters in whole-business securitizations, but has recently been more active on the bank-side; he recently acted for the underwriting banks in the whole-business securitizations of Jimmy John’s, Focus Brands, TGI Friday’s and a major fried chicken franchise. Charlotte-based Ronald Lovelace led a team advising Five Guys Enterprises on a $425m issuance backed by the client’s whole-business securitization. The department is rapidly growing. Following the arrivals of Terry Novetsky and Jeffrey Misher in 2016, the department brought on Jennifer Daly from Hunter Peak Investments and counsel Brandon Dalling from Latham & Watkins LLP in 2017. Counsel Anthony Mechcatie is another contact. King & Spalding LLP’s group has notable expertise in handling congressional investigations and political law matters, as well as assisting clients drawn from the healthcare, infrastructure, defense and automotive/transportation sectors. The team is also well known for handling regulatory work for foreign corporations with US subsidiaries. In the healthcare area, the firm assisted Adventist Healthcare with securing grant funding for early childhood behavior health projects, and with securing provisions in mental health legislation enacted by Congress. The group also represented MultiCare Health System in lobbying efforts to secure funding for the construction of an inpatient psychiatric facility; the Mental Health and Substance Abuse Treatment Accessibility Act of 2017, which assists hospitals with leveraging federal support, was issued as a result. In another matter, the team represents Equifax before the Senate and the House of Representatives in congressional inquiries pertaining to the company’s high-profile cybersecurity breach in September 2017. Practice head Thomas Spulak, automotive sector specialist Jacqueline Glassman, Ted Hester and healthcare expert C’Reda Weeden are noted. International trade specialist Steve Kupka and counsel Wintta Woldemariam joined the team in 2017. King & Spalding LLP provides ‘excellent client service’ and has ‘a strong team of lawyers and depth of expertise’. The team regularly handles general commercial disputes in the oil and gas sector, toxic torts as well as personal injury and property damage matters and is also highly experienced in royalty cases. Recently, the eminent Robert Meadows and Charles Correll reached a settlement on behalf of ConocoPhillips in three-state royalty class action, while other highlights included representing Chevron in multiple lawsuits resulting from a fire at its Richmond Refinery, defending ATP Oil & Gas against shareholder claims related to ATP’s bankruptcy in the aftermath of the Deepwater Horizon disaster and acting on behalf of Halliburton in a trade secret case brought by SandBox Enterprises. Adam Gray, Jorge Mattamouros and Andrew Stakelum have been elevated to the partnership. Tim Engel is described as ‘very detail-oriented, reliable’ and ‘meticulous in his case preparation’. King & Spalding LLP handles the full array of regulatory matters before state and federal authorities, with a particular strength in transaction-related issues. Neil Levy is highly experienced in advising independent power producers and recently assisted LS Power with various transactional regulatory matters, including the acquisition of a 3,950MW generation portfolio from TransCanada and the acquisition of generation facilities in Illinois with a combined generating capacity of approximately 1,300MW from NRG. In another highlight case, David Tewksbury is representing a NRG subsidiary in a D.C. Circuit appellate proceeding related to FERC’s rules for the capacity market administered by the Midcontinent Independent System Operator (MISO). The firm’s client roster also includes Dynegy, Exelon and Tenaska Energy. King & Spalding LLP provides ‘top quality work’ and fields a ‘deeply knowledgeable, highly competent and very responsive’ team that handles the full range of regulatory matters, including project developments, transactions and compliance matters within the oil and gas sector. The ‘incredibly knowledgeable and commercially oriented’ James Bowe is advising Arlington Storage Company, a Crestwood Midstream Partners affiliate, on the FERC authorization process for the expansion of a salt cavern natural gas storage facility and assisted NOVA Chemicals Corporation with its negotiation and documentation of long-term contracts to transport ethane under the Interstate Commerce Act. The recent caseload also includes assisting RH energytrans with the development of a new interstate natural gas pipeline and representing ConocoPhillips in numerous royalty matters. The firm continues to work for Eagle LNG Partners, Chevron and BP America. King & Spalding LLP enjoyed further expansion in 2017, with eight new partner hires in Houston and New York. The practice particularly excels in the LNG space and in one major deal practice head Ken Culotta (‘an exceptional relationship manager’) and Jeffrey Malonson acted for Next Decade on its $1bn merger with Harmony Merger. Other noteworthy practitioners are Atlanta-based Keith Townsend, Archie Fallon and counsel Monica Hwang, who has ‘excellent international transactional experience’. All named lawyers are based in Houston save where stated otherwise. King & Spalding LLP is recommended for issues such as climate change, coastal erosion, automotive and other emission regulations, and enforcement. Other areas include oilfield contamination, drinking water and soil contamination litigation, and oilfield fracking litigation. The practice is lead trial counsel for Shell in a coordinated docket of over 30 cases involving strict product liability, negligence, nuisance, and trespass claims against manufacturers and distributors of legacy agricultural chemicals. Washington DC-based Granta Nakayama leads the group. Key Houston contacts include office managing partner Tracie Renfroe; Carol Wood, who heads the national tort and environmental practice group; and Elizabeth Robertson Taber. Matthew Blaschke is a key San Francisco contact. Since publication, Peter Hsiao has joined in Los Angeles from Morrison & Foerster LLP. King & Spalding LLP is best known for its environmental agency enforcement expertise; acting in claims involving high-exposure and high-profile groundwater, waste, soil, water, air, and climate issues; and environmental aspects of project developments. Washington DC-based Granta Nakayama and Houston’s Carol Wood are highly rated; Patricia Barmeyer and Adam Sowatzka are key Atlanta contacts. King & Spalding LLP’s multidisciplinary practice handles a wide range of contentious and non-contentious matters for clients in the industry, including FDA and IP issues and high-profile corporate transactions. Co-head Nikki Reeves, Lisa Dwyer, Jeffrey Bucholtz and Sheldon Bradshaw led advice to Egalet on an FDA issue regarding the company’s Arymo ER drug. Co-head Christina Markus defended a pharmaceutical and medical device distributor against claims brought by the California State Board of Pharmacy alleging violation of state requirements for wholesale distributor licenses. In San Francisco, Thomas Duley was engaged by Dermira on various matters arising from a license agreement with Hoffmann-La Roche. The practice is also led by Mark Brown, David Farber and Seth Lundy. Other names to note are Andrew Bayman and John Harris in Atlanta, Peter Strotz in Los Angeles, Donald Zimmer and Stephen Abreu in San Francisco, and Preeya Noronha Pinto in Washington DC. The team was strengthened by the arrival of Joseph Diamante and Charles Cantine from Stroock & Stroock & Lavan LLP in New York. Partners are based in Washington DC unless otherwise stated. Highlights for the ‘genuine and sophisticated’ practice at King & Spalding LLP included representing over 200 hospitals in litigation opposing the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services’ cuts to in-patient hospital rates, advising the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center on the formation of a joint entity that will develop a hospital campus in Frisco, Texas; and acting for Community Health Systems in Medicare reimbursement litigation. Key names to note include Atlanta-based transactional specialist Jon Harris, Mark Polston and Daniel Hettich in Washington DC, and Stephen Goff, who splits his time between the firm’s Los Angeles, San Francisco and Sacramento offices; Polston is representing multiple teaching hospitals in reimbursement litigation, and Goff assisted CalPERS with the negotiations surrounding its contracts with health plans. The department also handles regulatory issues, investigations and enforcement matters. In 2017, healthcare tax expert Travis Jackson joined the Los Angeles office from Polsinelli PC and Constance Dotzenrod left to start her own firm. King & Spalding LLP is active in the financial institutions sector, advising on claims related to the credit crisis and other insured losses, and also handles property, business income and other losses from catastrophic events and natural disasters in addition to data- and cyber-related claims and asbestos cases. The team continues to represent Coca-Cola in disputes over coverage for asbestos lawsuits filed against its former subsidiary, Cleaver-Brooks LLC, and also represents the client in a $1.5m insurance recovery suit seeking business interruption losses that Coca-Cola incurred at two of its bottling plants in Nepal. Representing SunTrust Banks and certain affiliates in coverage for claims made against the bank and its affiliates in relation to the credit crisis is another highlight. Anthony Tatum, Meghan Magruder and Shelby Guilbert in Atlanta and John Fontham and Martin McNerney in Washington DC are standout individuals. The Charlotte-based equipment leasing and transportation finance group at King & Spalding LLP has extensive experience of a wide variety of financing and lease structures covering rolling stock and a host of other rail equipment. Christopher Buchanan and practice head Jason Huff are intimately familiar with Wells Fargo Rail Corporation, having acted for the client since its inception in the 1990s, and continue to assist it with its transactional and leasing business. Mickey Jett and Derek Marks are active associates in the department. Following the establishment of the practice in 2016, the team has grown rapidly: Brian Betancourt joined the New York finance team from Alston & Bird LLP, while Jennifer Daly rejoined the firm’s New York office from a senior role at Hunter Peak Investments. Atlanta-based Philip Holladay heads the department at King & Spalding LLP, which handles a range of automotive-related disputes, including headline class action product liability claims, environmental litigation and personal injury cases. Holladay represented General Motors of Canada in a catastrophic personal injury case, while John Hooper, Eric Gladbach and Jacqueline Seidel recently settled an economic loss class action suit for Toyota Motor Company concerning the recall of airbags produced by parts supplier Takata. Also recommended are Washington DC-based Granta Nakayama, who has been involved in major environmental investigations; Randall Bassett in Atlanta, who represents UPS in its catastrophic trucking injury cases; and Alexander Calfo, who is a key contact in the Los Angeles office. King & Spalding LLP’s specialist automotive practitioners are intimately familiar with the regulatory issues facing the automotive industry, having previously held positions at US environmental and safety agencies. Acting for Toyota Motor Company, practice head Jacqueline Glassman has advocated before the NHTSA regarding the Takata airbag recall; Theodore Hester represented Toyota in the congressional investigations aspects of the airbag crisis. Glassman has expertise in the nascent autonomous vehicles space and has advised Global Automakers on certain safety regulations and proposed legislation governing autonomous vehicles. Granta Nakayama has been involved in a number of high-profile environmental suits, and is representing Porsche before the EPA, California Air Resource Board and the DOJ regarding the company’s use of diesel engines purchased from VW. King & Spalding LLP’s transport litigation team was significantly strengthened by the arrival of Joseph Akrotirianakis, who joined the firm’s Los Angeles office from Atkinson, Andelson, Loya, Ruud & Romo in 2017. Akrotirianakis represents shipping companies and marine terminal operators in contract litigation, environmental law cases and major labor disputes. The firm also leverages its Washington DC-based antitrust department to handle shipping cartel investigations. Everport Terminal Services is among the department’s key clients. King & Spalding LLP’s clients include content distributors from traditional media as well as digital and new media services. Kenneth Steinthal and Joseph Wetzel in San Francisco represented the Radio Music License Committee on behalf of its members in the first rate-setting arbitration with performing rights organization the Society of European Stage Authors and Composers, resulting in a 20-year rate-setting agreement that is substantially lower than the pre-settlement rate. The group is also representing ESPN as plaintiff in litigation against Broadcast Music, challenging the defendant’s license structure and rates for audiovisual programming. On the technology side, Bruce Baber in New York and Daryl Joseffer in Washington DC are representing Google at the appeal stage of its long-running dispute with Oracle. Trademarks: non-contentious (including prosecution, portfolio management and licensing) - ranked: tier 3 At King & Spalding LLP, the group acts for clients in sectors ranging from fashion and hospitality to energy. In Austin, Richard Groos has been representing Mary Kay in enforcement and protection matters, including opposition proceedings brought before the TTAB regarding the client’s ‘Journey’ trademark. New York-based Kathleen McCarthy was engaged by Rolex on an opposition brought against Ralph Lauren Corporation before the TTAB arising from an application of marks. The group was strengthened by the arrival of Joseph Diamante and Charles Cantine to the firm’s New York office from Stroock & Stroock & Lavan LLP. The wider IP group is jointly led by Holmes Hawkins in Atlanta and Robert Perry in New York. King & Spalding LLP provides ‘a top-level quality of service’ delivered by ‘the top echelon of lawyers in the field’, according to one client. Known for his ‘ability to understand both the technical and practical implications of a case’, Atlanta-based David Tetrick successfully obtained a motion to dismiss on behalf of Peabody Energy in a stock-drop case. In Washington DC, Bobby Burchfield specializes in retiree health benefits and recently represented Meritor at the Sixth Circuit; in 2008, the appeals court ruled against Meritor on the question of whether retirement healthcare benefits are vested for life, but based on rulings in Gallo v Moen and M&G Polymers v Tackett, the firm filed a petition for rehearing, in which the appeals court found in favor of the client. Also notable is Tetrick’s work for Chevron in connection with disputes concerning withdrawal liability allegedly owed to a pension fund. King & Spalding LLP’s full-service offering is led by Kenneth Raskin, who is currently advising Jamestown Properties on the ERISA aspects of its investments and several high-end acquisitions across the nation. Raskin also acted for the CEO and senior management team of Nature’s Bounty regarding KKR’s purchase of a majority stake in the company from Carlyle Group, and advised on a number of Chapter 11s on behalf of a multinational technology company. Laura Westfall has significant expertise in ACA and healthcare benefits and was recently promoted to the partnership. The firm’s client roster also includes names such as Morgan Stanley, General Motors and JW Aluminum. All named attorneys are based in New York. King & Spalding LLP handles a range of matters concerning hedge fund shareholder engagement and structural governance matters. Jim Woolery in New York, who joined in May 2017 from Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP, handles a range of shareholder activism work, including advising a special committee of the independent directors of comScore on engagement by Starboard Value - four new independent directors were added to the board. Rob Leclerc is also a key contact in New York, with Cal Smith and Jeff Stein key contacts in the firm’s Atlanta office. Other clients include Equifax, Energizer and Under Armour. King & Spalding LLP is highly rated for middle-market M&A deals and private equity transactions, but it also handles large-cap transactions. The firm has offices in Atlanta, Houston, New York, San Francisco, Palo Alto and Washington DC, and fields lawyers with sector expertise in energy, healthcare and life sciences, real estate, and IT, among others. Middle-market highlights included acting for GE Digital in a $915m agreement to acquire ServiceMax; and advising an affiliate of Atkins Nutritionals, a portfolio company of Roark Capital Group, on its $730m combination with The Simply Good Foods Company. Recent large deal matters included advising Carmike Cinemas on a merger agreement with AMC Entertainment Holdings, which created the largest theater exhibitor in the world; and assisting restaurant chain Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen with its $1.8bn sale to Restaurant Brands International, which owns brands including Burger King and Tim Horton’s. Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP’s former chair James Woolery recently joined in New York as head of the firm’s M&A and corporate governance practices; Atlanta-based Rahul Patel is focused on M&A deals, joint ventures and strategic corporate transactions; and global corporate practice group leader Keith Townsend is also highly rated. Other key advisers include Atlanta-based Raymond Baltz Jr and Justin King; Jack Capers Jr, who divides time between Atlanta and Silicon Valley; and New York’s Robert Leclerc. Since publication, Matthew Jacobson has moved to Ropes & Gray LLP. King & Spalding LLP is noted for healthcare, life sciences and energy deals. In 2017, the firm handled a variety of portfolio company deals and advised Lindsay Goldberg on its acquisition of four independent packaging companies and their captive co-owned sheet feeder. Arcapita and Roark Capital are key clients. Atlanta-based Raymond Baltz is a private equity leader in the South East. King & Spalding LLP has an outstanding reputation in the life sciences sector, though its commitment to early- and mid-stage growth companies through to unicorns has attracted clients from across the industry, most notably in the tech segment. It recently advised Peleton Technology on its Series B-1 and Series B-2 preferred stock financings, valued at $65m. Other clients include Jounce Therapeutics, Apama Medical, Theatro Labs, GE Digital and GE Ventures. The ‘extremely responsive’ team is spread across the firm’s offices in California, New York, Atlanta and Houston, and is ‘well-versed in the norms of Silicon Valley and outside the Valley as well’; the ‘skilled negotiators’ are ‘first choice for an end-to-end legal support package’. Silicon Valley’s Judy O’Brien is ‘straight talking, knowledgeable, seasoned and measured’ with ‘a very shrewd legal mind’, and she heads the practice alongside San Francisco partner Geoff Leonard. Silicon Valley partner Laura Bushnell is also a prominent name and Atlanta senior associate Nathan Mihalik is ‘experienced, efficient and super detail-oriented’. Matt Stewart joined Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP. The ‘Pre-eminent construction law practice’ at King & Spalding LLP is known for its strength in energy industry construction matters and has a ‘tremendous level of background knowledge in the oil and gas industry’. The group is based across numerous cities in Texas and does a substantial amount of work for large multinational energy owners, including Cheniere Energy, Freeport LNG and Tallgrass Energy. ‘Exceptional lawyer’ Craig Ledet and ‘excellent strategist’ Michael Stenglein (Austin) work on major construction disputes in the US and across the world, arising from disruption, inefficiency, defects and even major industrial casualty events such as explosions, fires and equipment failures. Scott Greer and Angus McFadden are both highly regarded industry experts for transactional matters. Greer advised LNG Canada, a joint venture comprising Shell, KOGAS, Mitsubishi and PetroChina, on a four-train LNG facility, including a 650km pipeline; and McFadden advised the Atlanta Falcons on agreements relating to the construction of the club’s new stadium. Austin-based Adam Gray is a ‘rising star in the construction world’. Unless indicated otherwise, named lawyers are based in Houston. In 2017, King & Spalding LLP boosted the Houston arm of its REIT practice with the hires of transactional real estate partners David Runnels, Darren Inoff and Jason Peters from Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP. The practice has a diverse focus, which encompasses M&A, corporate finance transactions and structuring matters - for public and private REITs. Atlanta’s Spencer Johnson co-heads the group and, together with ‘very strong’ Atlanta-based tax partner Peter Genz, acted as special REIT counsel to Deltic Timber on its merger with Potlatch. Anthony Rothermel, who splits his time between New York and Atlanta, and New York-based John Wilson co-lead the practice alongside Johnson. Please choose from this list to view details of what we say about King & Spalding LLP in other jurisdictions. Dispute resolution : Product liability, mass tort and class action: consumer products (including tobacco) Dispute resolution : Product liability, mass tort and class action: pharmaceuticals and medical devices - defense Labor and employment : Employee benefits, executive compensation and retirement plans: transactionalSo realistic that it looks fresh from the patch, this radiant hand-painted ceramic pumpkin is a gift of autumn that will brighten the season for years to come. Spectacular with flowers, it also makes a stunning display piece. The bouquet you selected can be upgraded by one of our designers. Choose deluxe or premium if you would like to enhance your selection with more fresh flowers. Please Note: If you are ordering roses, we will upgrade your vase and filler, but the number of roses will not change. . There are three ways up to Castle View from the town of Castle Rock: Route 117, Pleasant Road, and the Suicide Stairs. Every day in the summer of 1974, twelve-year-old Gwendy Peterson has taken the stairs, which are held by strong, if time-rusted, iron bolts and zig-zag up the cliffside. Then one day when Gwendy gets to the top of Castle View, after catching her breath and hearing the shouts of kids on the playground below, a stranger calls to her. There on a bench in the shade sits a man in black jeans, a black coat, and a white shirt unbuttoned at the top. On his head is a small, neat black hat. The time will come when Gwendy has nightmares about that hat When twelve-year-old Gwendy Peterson takes the stairs up the cliffside to Castle Rock, Maine, she encounters a mysterious stranger, who calls out to her wanting to talk Carla Goad, Member » Resident of Benicia » Deputy Director, Contra Costa Health Services & MFT in Private Practice It is a known fact that the strength of people working together in a harmonious and effective manner is pretty much stronger than that of the people working in isolation. The success of the company depends on how well they could maximize the potential of their employees. Any leader who is keen to develop amazing …Health Gym Fitness Center.com: Shaun T Says These Are the Best Exercises to Build Muscle (Workout Included) Discussions and exchanges for Addiction, Beauty, Dental, Health, Dietary Supplements, Diets Weight, Loss Exercise, Fitness, Meditation, Mens Health, Mental Health, Nutrition, Remedies, Sleep and Dreams, Spiritual, Health Strength, Training, Womens Health, Yoga discussions and exchanges for Addiction, Beauty, Dental, Health, Dietary Supplements, Diets Weight, Loss Exercise, Fitness, Meditation, Mens Health … TELHack innovators speak about the inspiration behind their idea, challenges along the way and how their innovation will help improve patient care. Maxine Mackintosh, MD at HealthTech Women, speaks to us about Healthtech women, it's goals for the future and some key things she thinks must improve for the industry to strengthen. Cristina De Juan talks to us about what Health 2.0 is and how it's helping the evolution of digital health in the UK and abroad. Ana Burman speaks to us about her experiences as a breast-feeding counsellor, and the ambitions she harbours for the future of health tech. Dr. Shamus Husheer, CEO of HeartFelt Technologies Ltd gives his tips on how startups can secure finance. Sara Sabin, Co-founder of Medic Footprints speaks about how to leverage the skills of other to help your startup succeed. Louisa and Indra speak to us about the conception of DrEd, current gaps in the healthcare market, and how DrEd is trying to fill that need. It's all about you. Please let us know what you want more of. Special orders are always welcome. Thank you. - Raphaella If you have any trouble at all with your ordering process, please do not hesitate to call Raphaella at 941.993.7001. We want your Heartful Art ordering experience to be easy, effortless and enjoyable. I was pulling a few leaves (hundreds of maple trees) from a small flower garden in our front yard. We have some evergreen bushes, a magnolia tree and a bunch of other random items. Tonight I noticed what I thought was a cocoon of some kind. Then I noticed another and another. There were HUNDREDS all over the evergreens and even in the magnolia. They all looked the same. I opened a couple up and they all had one small wax work looking white larvae in them. No idea what they are, but there are a lot of them. Each cocoon was about 1.5” long. Yeah,if you got hundreds you might need to find a spray that targets them.You can pick them by hand if they haven’t started to hatch yet..or,if you have kids offer them a small bounty for everyone they pick.But,you should try to get rid of them as much as possible.I believe that they can do damage and can spread to other trees. I had these on some evergreens on my property when I bought it and before I noticed them it was to LATE. They are Bag Worms and will wipe your trees out. I would call a professional to spray your trees. I will, thanks and welcome to the forum. I think since all the neighborhood kids seem to end up at my house after school, I may have to put them to work today. Need to think of a contest for them. hmmmm Make sure you get the ones at the top. It doesn’t take many or very long to do some major damage. I can see in the first pic where it looks like there is already some damage (the brown needles). The needles are what they eat. You can spray them yourself and save some money. About any store that has garden supplies will have something that gets rid of them. And unless you already have one, buy a little 3-4 gallon hand pump sprayer. The sprayer will be 30-40 dollars and the pesticide may cost around $10. I think I use Ortho brand because I can use it on my fruit & pine trees and my garden also. I have White, Spruce, Blue Spruce and Cedars and I had Bag Worms and it got rid of them. I always spray my trees at least once in the spring even if I don’t see any to keep them off and it also helps to keep other harmful insects off them. I probably already have everything. Two sprayers, one for round up and one for fertilizer/bug killer and I should have a bottle of Seven laying around. I think that stuff works on these worms. I would think Seven should work but it should say on the directions. I always double check before spraying. If it don’t have both the type of critter and type of plant/tree I am spraying I won’t use it. I will go get something new. I don’t know how old that stuff is and might as well not take a chance. John, you are welcome to come and pick them all off and take them with you. They will be getting sprayed tonight so you better hurry. They are bagworms for sure. Those are the old bags from last year though. The new ones don’t typically hatch until early June. When they hatch they are the size of a pencil tip, and they “Balloon” on a thread of webbing and fly to another location. Half of the old bags are male and empty, and the other half are full of eggs waiting to hatch. Its very easy for a homeowner to spray with liquid Sevin when they are young and easy to kill. Once they reach 1/2” long or more, you need to call a licensed applicator. Also could try Spinosad, but Sevin is so easy HeartlandOutdoors.com is owned by Lampe Publications LLC. Heartland Outdoors is a registered trademark. Copyright © 2018 Heartland Outdoors. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. If privacy is what you seek, look no further. This home is situated perfectly on 6.682 acres offering the feel of being miles away from… © BHH Affiliates, LLC. An independently owned and operated franchisee of BHH Affiliates,LLC. Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices and the Berkshire Hathaway Home Services symbol are registered service marks of Home Services of America, Inc.® Equal Housing Opportunity.I used to be really worried if should I find a difference of accounts in the Bible, even the tiniest. Yet the more I consider it, the more it doesn't bother me, regarding it's truth. In fact it strengthens me. I remember hearing a situation where one guy lost his faith in the God because of a "contradiction" (there had to be more to the story, no doubt). The difference was here: And they came to Jericho. And (B)as he was leaving Jericho with his disciples and a great crowd, Bartimaeus, (C)a blind beggar, the son of Timaeus, was sitting by the roadside. 47 And when he heard that it was (D)Jesus of Nazareth, he began to cry out and say, “Jesus, Son of David, have mercy on me!” And many (E)rebuked him, telling him to be silent. But he cried out all the more, “Son of David, have mercy on me!” 49 And Jesus stopped and said, “Call him.” And they called the blind man, saying to him, (F)“Take heart. Get up; he is calling you.” 50 And throwing off his (G)cloak, he sprang up and came to Jesus. 51And Jesus said to him, (H)“What do you want me to do for you?”And the blind man said to him, (I)“Rabbi, let me recover my sight.” 52 And Jesus said to him, “Go your way; (J)your faith has(K)made you well.” And immediately he recovered his sight and followed him on the way. As he drew near to Jericho, (B)a blind man was sitting by the roadside begging. 36 And hearing a crowd going by, he inquired what this meant. 37 They told him, (C)“Jesus of Nazareth is passing by.” 38 And he cried out, “Jesus, (D)Son of David, have mercy on me!” 39 And those who were in front(E)rebuked him, telling him to be silent. But he cried out all the more, “Son of David, have mercy on me!” 40 And Jesus stopped and commanded him to be brought to him. And when he came near, he asked him, 41 (F)“What do you want me to do for you?”He said, “Lord, let me recover my sight.” 42 And Jesus said to him, “Recover your sight; (G)your faith has (H)made you well.” 43And immediately he recovered his sight and followed him,(I)glorifying God. And (J)all the people, when they saw it, gave praise to God. Before I begin what I wanted to write about, I want to share this; when it comes to Bible differences, there is often and if not always an explanation for many of them. Here is a link to an explanation for this one if you are interested. So what is the potential difference here? Well, Mark says that this story happened as Jesus was leaving Jericho and Luke says that it happened as he was drawing near Jericho. Mark and Luke may not have understood completely what they were talking about. 1. If Mark and Luke had got together and planned how they would write a novel about the Messiah there would be no differences, wouldn't there? It is clear they didn't write this together since the accounts vary slightly. So in theory there would be no conspiracy between them to deceive the world about the Christ. 2. Even though the two passages don't agree on one point, they do agree on pretty much every other detail. If I remember correctly I think Mark got his gospel from Peter, an eye witness of the accounts of Jesus. Both Luke and Mark agree on other details - this shows that truth must have occurred because there are two different accounts from two different people. If I were a juror hearing testimonies from people I would be more willing to accept the truth about a situation if the witnesses clearly differ on a small/insignificant detail and yet on the whole agreed. It is in the truth's favour to have complete agreement on the main facts, but small discrepancies on some minor details. It means: I grew up thinking that God wrote every word of the Bible. Yet I am not certain that He did, otherwise (in regards to the passages in Mark and Luke) could He be classed as lying? But we know that God cannot lie (Hebrews). Could have God breathed the Bible in similar ways to this situation where I ask my wife to write a letter for me: 1. Do I look over her shoulder and point all the grammar mistakes? (I am not sure whether God was interested in grammar since Revelation was written quickly and roughly apparently.) 2. Should I tell her to write my exact words? but then the letter would be all in my style wouldn't they? (The different writers of the Bible clearly had their own style) 3. Could I tell her to write key topics in the letter but let her choose the style and make sure she includes certain words? 4. Could I just tell her to write on a topic exactly what I say about the topic, but in her own words? Peter claims that God "breathed" out scripture, does this claim every word? Look at the styles of the writers - clearly they had their own style, their own choice of word phrases and yet God guided them and worked through them. The Bible is God's message to us through people. I am quite confident that the overall message that God has given us in His word is from Him and is not contradictory. One of the reasons why I believe the Bible is the Word of God is simply because it is amazing how it is so coherent with itself in doctrine, prophecy and many historical accounts. Could it be that when there is a slight difference, it doesn't mean God is lying, it is simply because the writer has made a mistake or remembers a different account? I remember asking my old pastor about a difference between Joshua and Judges I think it was, and he gave me a passage in 1 Chronicles 4:22. Right after listing a genealogy or similar the writer said, "Now the records are ancient." I thought it was quite funny how the writer "sounded" like he was unsure about the accuracy of the records he had just written lol. Could God only really be concerned about making sure the doctrine, prophecy and major historical accounts were accurate? Could He possibly not be really that concerned about the style of writing, or whether He walked into or out of Jericho first, or whether there really were armies of 65,000, 30,000 and not 65,004 or 30,005? Could God have purposefully allowed differences to occur to show that the accounts of the gospel were not fraud or man inspired? In summary, I believe that difference of accounts is more evidence to a truth than if it were all totally agreed. Could God possibly have not written every word? I do thank you Father God for giving us your Word, please help us to not believe pre-conceived ideas about You or Your Word but teach us Your truth! We need to understand that the authors were fallible, and had imperfect personalities and understandings of God which CLEARLY come out in Scripture, meaning that individual words and sentences (and even whole books) do not give a completely true revelation of God. And yet the Scripture makes it clear that God has power to directly control the exact words that men write, that He did (somehow) 'breathe' the words that are written in the Bible. So despite the authors' individual fallibility, God's words will carry out their intended purpose. The message the authors were trying to give in the particular passages in Scripture, is exactly what God wanted to give. Taken as a message, the words do not lie (although the Bible teaches that they can be difficult to understand, and God does deceive some people who are not seeking Him). Even the parts that AREN'T key to the intended message, were deliberatly allowed and placed there by God. Specifically regarding this situation, I've heard another potential explanation. I have heard that Luke wrote his gospel after the others, and took time to gather as accurate a story as possible. Therefore if the disciples could not properly remember (or agree on) minor aspects of stories, he probably made a 'best guess' or wrote it in an ambiguous way. It is possible that 'drawing near to Jericho' simply meant that it happened during the time period when he had come to Jericho, without being too specific (remember he was passing through, so the period was fairly short between arriving and leaving.) He then goes on to tell what he knew specifically had happened while inside Jerrico. Yeah, I'm not entirely convinced, but I'm thinking more and more that it is possible for God to deliberatly allow individual words/phrases into the Scripture which are not entirely accurate, while still being entirely true (even if slightly lopsided) in the message intended by the author. And any lopsidedness will disappear when considered in the light of the rest of Scripture. HOWEVER, as a cautionary note: I believe that we can get extremely specific about the authors' 'intended messages'. Meaning that there are very few places left in Scripture where God would actually allow this to happen without corrupting the message. We should never actually have to decide if something is accurate or not in order to learn about God - if it could influence our view of Him, He will not allow that message to be corrupted. In the few places that are left, I do not personally think this has ever actually occurred. I have yet to see somewhere where this needs to be applied as an explanation. But I think I concede to it as a possibility ;) We are a gathering of Christians that come here for discussion on matters pertaining to the search for truth. We post anything from articles we find interesting to articles we compose about the Bible and God. Feel free to participate, Christian or not. As a side note, due to the nature of learning more about God, nature and everything, older posts may not represent accurately participant's views. 83 Gospel For Southern Africa ministry for Southern Africa to support schools and Churches in South African region 87 Cash for Cars | Sell your junk, wrecked, or used car for cash today. Top dollar paid for all types of cars. 97 Spanish speaking senior internal audit manager in Metro New York NY, SOX 404, Oracle Financials, SAP Danni was outstanding. She is extremely knowledgeable in Thai Massage. She was friendly and makes you feel very comfortable when you're getting your massage. Due to my back problems and having played sports all my life, I have to get a massage once a week. When I walk in the place, I pretty much hurt all over. After one hour with Danni,I walk out feeling like I am 25 again with no pain. I don't know how she does it. It is nice to have someone very experience and knowledgeable. Great job 1. Build strength and endurance. A Vietnamese massage is known for being powerful and initially tough on the skin and body. The benefits for your partner come after the session is done. As the masseuse, your entire body needs to be fully ready for the challenge before you even think about giving this type of massage. Lift weights and include cardiovascular activity in your routine so that your massages will be strong and will be able to last the full 60 minutes of a typical Vietnamese massage session. Thai Massage Brisbane, Everton Park - Siam Thai Massage and Day Spa specialise in all things relaxation. We feature services including deep tissue thai massage including head with pressure points, full back massage including neck and shoulder and foot reflexology. Beauty treatments we offer include facials, body polish and wraps and a combination of both massage and beauty treatments in all-in-one indulgence packages. Friendly ladies! My first time Thai massage ever (although I've had plenty of Swedish and deep tissue massages in the states). After walking miles and miles a day exploring and long flight here, my body was aching and this is exactly what I needed. I booked a 90 minute Thai massage and the cost was 9000 Yen (she gave me a 10% discount though) I messaged through yelp and confirm my reservation easily. You definitely need to make an appointment.  Thai massages are amazing, but if you've never had one be aware they put a lot of pressure on your back.  They step on it, use elbows, anything they can to get to the problem.  Yes, you will be sore the next day, and maybe the day after.  But I assure you I only need to do this once a month as a necessary "mom massage." Being of Thai descent I can tell you they do an amazing job and worth every penny.  At Lebua Thai Spa, our licensed masseuse gives that extra measure of care to ensure our pregnancy massage clients are relax and comfortable. Clients must be in their second trimester of their pregnancy. Massage therapy during pregnancy is a wonderful complimentary choice for prenatal care. In part, it is a healthy way to reduce stress, backaches, headaches, and promote overall wellness during this special time stage. The wide range of treatments we offer can cover all the needs of our customers. Depending on one's physical and mental state, you can opt for one massage or another. Without a doubt, the experience of our therapists is crucial to detect which are the ailments that make the client uncomfortable and which stress points to massage to reduce this discomfort. Thai massage is traditionally performed on the floor -- you lie on a padded mat as the masseuse guides you through partner yoga poses and manipulates your body into stretches. Some traditional massage techniques, such as acupressure, compression and joint mobilization, are also used, but no lotions or oils are applied and you remain fully clothed for the session. Excellent massage every time. Metta offers one of the best massage experiences I've had. Based on traditional Tai techniques therapists apply their body weight, on the pressure points, releasing the tension, opening up the muscles and reaching deeper tissues than in classical styles even with the stronger therapists. After the session you feel renovated for several days. Even my vision improves for an hour or so after the session. All staff is very friendly and professional. They offer a special hot tea after the session and adjust each session to your particular pain points. I'd like to thank Tao and O specifically for their excellent work. Join the hands-on original Thai massage class that is worldwide acknowledged as the WatPo massage style. Starting from basic to a practical skill, students are trained to do massage for relaxation, relieving muscular fatigue and pain, reducing tension and headaches, and regaining muscular and joints mobility. Thai massage is obviously help not only to stimulate the circulation of blood and lymphatic system, but also improve the body immunity for anti-aging and longvity. Practical session Drawing from Thai history, cultural studies, Buddhist religion, and yogic practices, as well as a modern understanding of anatomy and physiology, this guidebook bridges the gap between theory and practice while presenting bodywork as it is understood in Thailand--as a therapeutic medical science. Presenting detailed analysis of each step in a Thai massage routine, the history, spiritual traditions, and ethical codes are offered in an engaging, informal style. Numerous photographs and diagrams illustrate the variety of techniques used, and examples of routines for treating specific disorders are discussed. Updated with new layout, photos, and expanded text, this exhaustive handbook is complete with a section on the main energy meridians and diagrams of acupressure points, making it the perfect tool to accompany anyone studying this popular healing modality. Are you looking for a real authentic Thai massage? If so we'll this is the place to be!! All masseuse are legit, trained and certified from Thailand. They will know the spot to push and dig until your problem fade away. Sounds like magic huh? Well it is to me!! Thai massage is the most affective when you're willing to deal with the pain while masseuse is working on you! It's painful but it works!! Be open to let them walk on you so you can experience the real Thai massage!!! Our shop, located in the center of Thai Town, was previously the home of Thai Sabai. We have maintained the same professional staff and upgraded the shop to insure a quality massage experience. Under new management, we will strive to exceed expectation. Appointments can be made by calling (323) 485-2800 and walk-ins are always welcome.Open daily 10am-10pm Thai massage – or Nuat Thai – combines both physical and energetic aspects. It is a deep, full-body massage progressing from the feet up, and focusing on sen or energy lines throughout the body, with the aim of clearing blockages in these lines, and thus stimulating the flow of blood and lymph throughout the body. It draws on yoga, acupressure and reflexology. We apologize for your wait time experience during your visit. While we are happy that you loved your service, we are in the process of training new front desk for this reason. We are grateful for our growth that will, at times, make us busy at the front. We have taken your concerns to heart and created an alternative for times when we are busy, (which is a sign of growth). Thank you for your positive review as we would't know how to better ourselves if we do not know. Traditional Thai massages have treated people for over 1,000 years and has worked wonders. This ancient healing art helps to achieve a healthy body and a relaxed mind through the healing power of touch. Thai massage works the joints and soften tissues by pressing, pulling, stretching, and manipulating the body. The massages we offer will improve your flexibility, increase vitality, ease pain, and promote circulation, while offering a fully relaxing experience. AD 1779: Frenchman Pierre-Martial Cibot publishes ‘Notice du Cong-fou des Bonzes Tao-see' also known as "The Cong-Fou of the Tao-Tse", a French language summary of medical techniques used by Taoist priests. According to Joseph Needhan, Cibot's work "was intended to present the physicists and physicians of Europe with a sketch of a system of medical gymnastics which they might like to adopt—or if they found it at fault they might be stimulated to invent something better. This work has long been regarded as of cardinal importance in the history of physiotherapy because it almost certainly influenced the Swedish founder of the modern phase of the art, Per Hendrik Ling. Cibot had studied at least one Chinese book, but also got much from a Christian neophyte who had become expert in the subject before his conversion."[14] Thank you for your kind review and your recommendations. We appreciate clients like yourself who are experiencing the real deal. Yes, we are different, and we are proud of that. We encounter a lot of individuals who are not understanding what we are about and it is so wonderful to us when we see clients not just believing in us but also describing their experiences with us. Thank you, Mari!!! Similar to other forms of massage therapy, the benefits of Thai massage for clients can include relaxation, increased mobility, as well as relief from the pain associated with many chronic conditions. However, Rosler cautions that she doesn’t recommend Thai massage to all her clients. “I have clients who I know just wouldn’t want to do this,” she says. Biomechanical stimulation (BMS) is a term generally used for localised biomechanical oscillation methods, whereby local muscle groups are stimulated directly or via the associated tendons by means of special hand held mechanical vibration devices. Biomechanical oscillation therapy and training is offered in a variety of areas such as competitive sports,[36] fitness, rehabilitation,[37] medicine,[38] prevention, beauty, and used to improve performance of the muscles and to improve coordination and balance. It is often used in the Myofascial trigger point therapy concept to invoke reciprocal inhibition within the musculoskeletal system. Beneficial effects from this type of stimulation have been found to exist, the efficacy of the BMS Matrix therapy was proven in an independent study.[39] carried out by TÜV-Süd which was commissioned by German health insurer BKK Gesundheit. Research background: Malay Traditional Massage Therapy (MTMT) has gained popularity among patients diagnosed with various types of chronic diseases. Objective: This study was to determine the prevalence of use of MTMT among Malays for their related diseases. Methodology: Questionnaires, patient's records files and Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) scores were used to obtain data and to evaluate the treatment progress. Result: Patients visit the centre for various types of chronic diseases and treatments. VAS scores showed positive progress for majority of patients. Summary: MTMT was commonly used among Malays for various types of chronic diseases and proven to be effective. An integral part of traditional Thai medicine is the use of herbs during a Thai Massage. Thai people apply this belief and benefit Thai herbal treatments as tools for relaxation and disease prevention. Our Traditional Thai Herb Ball contains a blend of many Thai herbs, whose essential oils are transferred to the skin when applied to the body with heat and pressure, thus reducing muscular tension and increasing blood circulation, as well as, improving skin appearance.  One of the greatest Persian medics was Avicenna, also known as Ibn Sina, who lived from 980AD to 1037AD. His works included a comprehensive collection and systematisation of the fragmentary and unorganised Greco-Roman medical literature that had been translated Arabic by that time, augmented by notes from his own experiences. One of his books, Al-Qānūn fī aṭ-Ṭibb (The Canon of Medicine) has been called the most famous single book in the history of medicine in both East and West. Avicenna excelled in the logical assessment of conditions and comparison of symptoms and took special note of analgesics and their proper use as well as other methods of relieving pain, including massage. Your entire treatment will be specifically designed to your own needs. As an example, one procedure might target a specific issue area such as back or muscle pain or stiff shoulders, while an additional might be employed as an all-over treatment. The therapist will use all kinds of therapeutic massage techniques including pressing, squeezing, kneading, pounding and pummeling to invigorate your acupoints to unblock your energy channels and help facilitate the flow of your chi. Knuckles, thumbs, and even elbows will be used, and there are many variations to oil-based massages. Tui Na professionals use the backs of their knuckles and hands similar to a rolling pin, which is believed to support and disperse the QI. Unlike various other massage techniques, all your limbs will be moved quite frequently. Massage is based on pressure points along ten key energy lines of the body, which power all physical, mental and emotional processes. If there is an energy imbalance, the body's harmony is disrupted, causing pain and disease. Massaging along these key energy lines can break energy blockage, stimulate the circulation and restore general well-being. In this form of massage, the recipient is fully-clothed, in a loose-fitting top and pants. Massage oil is not used.  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania-based massage therapist Beth Brown also finds that practicing Thai massage can help her deal with her own pain and stress. “If I am holding stress—a headache, for example, or tightness in my shoulder—doing a Thai massage often takes my pain away,” she says. Often, too, after a long day of massage, giving a Thai massage at the end of the day will rejuvenate her, as a yoga or meditation class might. I have Rheumatoid Arthritis and I was inflammed and my back was spasms in pain so much I couldn't think or see straight. I knew i needed to find a place to get a massage on the way home and I read the reviews. I am so happy i went in!! Walk in are Welcome thank goodness!! I was taken to a room right away. I got the combination massage as i had never had a Thai massage before. It was perfect. The pressure was great. Very Clean place. Very nice staff. Combo massage was $70 for an hour!! Awesome prices. I tipped $30. They also do couple massage and body scrub or a combination of both. Hot stones included with the hour. My experience was worth it. I'd go back in a instant!! AD 1776: Jean Joseph Marie Amiot, and Pierre-Martial Cibot, French missionaries in China translate summaries of Huangdi Neijing, including a list of medical plants, exercises and elaborate massage techniques, into the French language, thereby introducing Europe to the highly developed Chinese system of medicine, medical-gymnastics, and medical-massage.[8] I had heard so many positive things about this place from friends, but am not really into the walking on my back and popping my joints scene so I avoided it.  Fast forward to today my lower back was in so much pain I could barely move.  My normal massage guy was booked, so I relented.  BEST DECISION!!  Noy eased by back pain, and eliminated knots I didn't even know I had.  I will be going back here soon.  Noy was magic.  Due to the great reviews, we decided to give this place a try. We were able to easily make an appointment via email with the company for the next day at the Asakusa Temple location. This location was a little tough to find, however, the pictures and description on the website did help some. Cell service wasn't great so we weren't able to look up the entrance specifics which certainly was a hassle! The place is up on the second floor behind the Mini Stop convenience store. We were immediately greeted by the staff with a jasmine scented cool wash cloth and cold ice water. After a cursory questionnaire and review of massage services, we were led to a Thai style massage mat. It is firmer and on the floor for the therapy. They have you change into a loose fit outfit before starting. We opted for the Leelavadee 150min combo. It was divine! Both the Thai massage and the essential oil deep tissue massage was great. Be forewarned that with the oil deep tissue, they are very liberal with the oil! It gets everywhere. Their massages are tailored to your particular concerns. The therapy ends with another jasmine scented wash cloth and ice cold water. We whole heartedly recommend this place. It is incredibly clean which is also a winning point. The ladies are strong and you will get a great massage! The prices are very reasonable! Don't hesitate! Make an appointment with them if you get the chance. We certainly will when we return to Tokyo. I picked this place to treat my best friend to a massage for both of us on her birthday due to the 5 stars review. The good news is that my friend had a blissful experience and really enjoyed her massage, which was the most important part of the experience, especially since this was for her birthday. However, since I am the one writing this review, I will write out my experience. I really wish I could give this place 5 stars. I really do. I came in with high expectations when I booked a reservation for both of us on a Monday after work. This is a beautiful space, and it feels like we've been transported to a calm, zen space that you would have never expected in the busy and dingy streets of the Civic Center area of San Francisco. We were taken to a room for our massage. We both had the same service, the Siam Orchid Retreat Massage. I consider myself able to withstand pretty hard massages, but I found my experience kind of painful. I hadn't expected my masseuse to use her whole weight on me, walk on me, etc. And when I made a pained noise, she kind of gave me an attitude saying, "Well, you said you wanted hard!" I'm sure it's probably a language barrier, and the masseuse who was working on my friend seemed a bit apologetic and tried to help her with the scenario, but it sure didn't make me feel any less crappy. In the end, I didn't feel any more relaxed than I did when I stepped in for our appointment. I seriously paid nearly $100 per person for this??? I've felt wayyy more blissed out after rigorous sessions of cardio and weight lifting and strength training at the gym than here. I don't think I'll be coming back, unfortunately. But I'm sure they don't need my business, they have plenty of other 5 star reviews from other reviewers here. This is a wonderful extensive Thai Yoga Massage reference. The steps are clearly explain; sometime multiple version are offered. Pratical , methodical and time proven technique from the Northern Style Massage based on the founder of The Old Medicine Hospital in Chiang Mai the major city in Northern Thailand. Definitelyone of those references book that you come back to over and over and find a new depth of information's. If you’re looking for a great massage this is the place. The place is very clean and quiet. You can request male or female if you have a preference and the prices are great! You can’t beat them. The massages are awesome, I never feel cheated and always wish I had made my appointment longer- sometimes even add time. They really listen to what you want and like. If you prefer a light massage or deep muscle work. They’ll even walk on your back if you’re ok with that, they always ask ahead of time. There is no rush either. They let you know the time the exact moment they start and they massage to the second of the hour or two hours you are paying for, sometimes even over. After experiencing the art of traditional Thai massage in the “professional Thai massage for health” course, this sophisticated course provides serious training to show the students the original aspiration and full potential of Thai massage. Massage as a traditional Thai medical practice is able to cure diseases and restore health. The students will study the required methods and techniques to treat at least 25 ailments; e.g. frozen shoulder, carpal tunnel syndrome, stiff neck, ankle and wrist sprain, etc.  Excellent Book for the English readers to understand Thai Massage. It covers the background, relationships with Indian and Chinese system and the way Thais have adapted improved and added their indigenous system to make that into a complete system. The book also covers the spiritual nature of Thai massage, especially its relationship with Yoga . A step by step essential guide to Thai Massage practitioners that will help them to complete their practical training. Ive had massages all over the country from Hawaii and Cali to New York and Jersey as well as Philippines and Guam ... Anna, Noi and Choi from Thai Spa 2 are hands down the best thai masseuse's I've ever experienced. I prefer deep, strong massages ... and the strength of any of these 3 can make u cringe, but i love it! Once you try thai, u'll forget about any other types of massages! A 2004 systematic review found single applications of massage therapy "reduced state anxiety, blood pressure, and heart rate but not negative mood, immediate assessment of pain, and cortisol level", while "multiple applications reduced delayed assessment of pain", and found improvements in anxiety and depression similar to effects of psychotherapy.[54] A subsequent systematic review published in 2008 found that there is little evidence supporting the use of massage therapy for depression in high quality studies from randomized controlled trials.[55] At Siam Orchid, we offer several different massages to meet your every therapeutic need including: Traditional Thai Massage, Aroma Thai Massage (a combination of Swedish and Traditional Thai Massage), Herbal, Swedish, Deep Tissue, Reflexology and don't miss our Signature Siam Orchid Massage. Each of these massages offers something different and is catered to your needs and likes. If you have never experienced Thai massage you are in for a treat and we highly recommend a 90 minute Signature Massage. Excellent massage every time. Metta offers one of the best massage experiences I've had. Based on traditional Tai techniques therapists apply their body weight, on the pressure points, releasing the tension, opening up the muscles and reaching deeper tissues than in classical styles even with the stronger therapists. After the session you feel renovated for several days. Even my vision improves for an hour or so after the session. In fact, the history of Thai massage is more complex than this legend of a single founder would suggest. Thai massage, like Thai traditional medicine (TTM) more generally, is a combination of influences from Indian, Chinese, Southeast Asian cultural spheres, and traditions of medicine, and the art as it is practiced today is likely to be the product of a 19th-century synthesis of various healing traditions from all over the kingdom.[6] Even today, there is considerable variation from region to region across Thailand, and no single routine or theoretical framework that is universally accepted among healers. The possible adverse effect of Thai traditional massage is an issue to be discussed. The question to be addressed is whether Thai traditional massage could cause any problem to cardiovascular system. A recent report by Buttagat et al. found that Thai traditional massage “was associated with significant increases in hear rate variability (increased total power frequency and high frequency).”[4] Hence, it is no doubt that the massage might alter some cardiac function and can be problematic in the patients with underlying cardiovascular disease. Thai massage, long considered a medical treatment in Thailand, the therapist puts you through a series of stretches that cover the entire body. (That’s why it’s often called lazy man’s yoga.) You lie on a floor mat or on a table wide enough to accommodate the therapist, and you wear loose-fitting clothing (often supplied by the spa), because there’s no way a sheet can stay put during these moves—the therapist might kneel on the back of your legs and pull your arms to arch your back and open your chest, or place her shoulder under your heel to lift your leg and stretch your hamstring. Thai massage also includes deep-pressure point work to stimulate the sen, or the body’s energy pathways. In the end, I didn't feel any more relaxed than I did when I stepped in for our appointment. I seriously paid nearly $100 per person for this??? I've felt wayyy more blissed out after rigorous sessions of cardio and weight lifting and strength training at the gym than here. I don't think I'll be coming back, unfortunately. But I'm sure they don't need my business, they have plenty of other 5 star reviews from other reviewers here. Siam Thai Massage & Spa was absolutely awesome. I had massages before, but it was my first time gett...ing Thai Massage there when I was on vacation with my boyfriend. I absolutely loved it. I would go back there at anytime. It is unfortunate that I do not live in Honolulu because if I did, I would be going there every week. Nicole is the massage therapist that I had. She was amazing.The facility was clean, and everything about it was so romantic and relaxing. I left the room totally relaxed and highly impressed of what Thai massage is all about. See More The heat generated by an infrared sauna will cause your core temperature to increase, which can also lead to an increased heart rate — the same increase in heart rate that you experience when exercising. When your body has to work harder to lower your core temperature or keep up with an increased heart rate, your body will burn more calories, resulting in weight loss. An article, titled Effect of Sweating, in the Journal of the American Medical Association concluded that a 30-minute infrared sauna session could burn roughly 600 calories. The hot herbal compress contains numerous herbs lightly bound in fabric which is steamed until warm and firmly rolled. After a full body Thai massage, the hot herbal compress is pressed over the entire body in order to soothe muscle and stimulate the vital organs and senses. Thai herbal massage has many beneficial such as relief muscular aches, pains and tension. It also helps improve and stimulate the lymphatic system and increases blood flow and circulation. The contents of the hot herbal compress are prescribed according to the condition being treated, with some of the most commonly used herbs such as Zedoary (Khamin), Tumeric (Khamin Chan) , Lemongrass (Takhrai), Kaffir lime (Makrut), Camphor tree (Naat), Tamarind (Makham), Plai (Zingiber Cassumar). While various types of reflexology related massage styles focus on the feet, massage of (usually) the soles of the feet is often performed purely for relaxation or recreation. It is believed there are some specific points on the feet that correspond to different organs in the body.[who?] Stimulation of these points during foot massage can cause significant reduction in pain.[citation needed] Studies also suggest that foot reflexology massage can reduce fatigue and promote better sleep.[45]  Thai Massage, YES, please!! Found this cute little place on... yes, YELP. I enjoy very firm pressure massages and usually disappointed with therapists that don't have the strength or fluidity I enjoy in a massage. The petite gal I had was amazing. She walked on my back, stretched me in ways, I never been stretched and found knots I didn't know I had. If I'm in the city with time to kill, I will most definitely come back for more! The mood was set romanticly for Mary's birthday. The spa room is decorated with heart petals on the bed. You can actually call ahead of time for any occasion and they will accommodate the occasion by decorating the room for you (extra charge). With the room decorated and the view of the city, it's a great combination! The awe-inspiring view as the sun cascaded down downtown Honolulu put our mind at ease immediately. My fiancee and I got a couple's massage this weekend, utilizing their fall special, and we had a great experience. We're first timers to spas in general, but we were met with a kind staff who gave us good direction and communicated well. The massage itself was great. Head to toe and definitely worked out all the kinks I had in my body. Both of us felt so relaxed after the 90 minutes were up. And they give you an option of a hot tea or water after the massage is complete. Fifth Avenue Thai Spa invites you to enjoy a relaxing day at our spa to experience peace and tranquility. We offer the finest treatments at reasonable prices. Our signature treatment, an Authentic Thai Massage has been a favorite among our clientele. Other popular services include facials, deep tissue massages, Swedish massages, manicures & pedicures, and waxing treatments.  Applying pressure to tender muscle fiber adhesions (known as "muscle knots") can hurt, but there is a difference between that type of discomfort and pain due to excessive or inappropriate pressure and stretching. While it may be difficult to avoid some discomfort when targeting muscle knots, a qualified, licensed massage therapist should be able to adjust the massage pressure and movements so that you are not in pain. As you might know, sweating is a great way to burn calories and rid your body of unwanted toxins. But how do you sweat when you’re injured, or unable to exercise? Infrared saunas help your body release a number of toxins, including heavy metals like mercury and lead, and environmental chemicals. The benefits don’t stop there. With infrared sauna technology, you can also lose weight, relax, relieve unwanted pain, increase your circulation, and purify your skin. I love what I do helping people's i am come from Thailand want to introduce Thai massage to this profession in USA I am graduated from massage school Thai wad pho Thailand and European massage school Lasvegas. 5 years experience in this professional really take for granted to my job all massage therapist we are licene under state board Nevada thank you all a customer all the years in this business for supporting. Traditional Thai massage, as it is practiced at Metta Traditional Thai Massage, is a dynamic healing art utilizing ancient techniques. The therapist applies gentle deep pressure along the body's ten sen lines (energy lines) to stimulate the body's energy to bring balance and health. In short, traditional Thai massage works along these meridians using a combination of yoga stretches, reflexology, acupressure, adjustments, and internal organ massage making traditional Thai massage one of the most energizing and healing forms of massage you will ever experience. We offer the finest treatments at reasonable prices. Our signature treatment, an Authentic Thai massage, has been a favorite among our clientele. Other popular services include facials, deep tissue massages, Swedish massages, and waxing treatments. You will be in good hands at our spa. Our professional and friendly staff provide the best possible services in a calm and pleasant atmosphere. Aisawan Thai Spa & Massage is a luxury day spa in Honolulu that offers both innovative and relaxing spa treatments. Ditch your foam roller and head on over to this spa for a professional and relaxing massage treatment. Need to schedule an appointment? Call this spa today and book your next beauty treatment. You can get the whole shebang for the same price as other spas. Save the cash for another day and pay by major credit card at Aisawan Thai Spa & Massage. For low-cost parking, have the spa validate your ticket. For those who travel by bike, this spa offers bike racks for customers. Ready for the royal treatment? Plan your experience at Aisawan Thai Spa & Massage. As if all this were not enough, since you enter the Spa your well-being is our responsibility, and that's why we work for you feel to totally comfortable and leave out your daily worries and the stress of routine. Our masseuses are specialists in making you forget your problems, and for this reason we even provide you with the most suitable clothes for treatment. This is the only way to maximise the benefits of Thai massage.  In Germany massage is regulated by the government on a federal and national level. Only someone who has completed 3,200 hours of training (theoretical and practical) can use the professional title "Masseur und Medizinischer Bademeister" or Medical Masseur and Spa Therapist. This person can prolong his training depending on the length of professional experience to a Physiotherapist (1 year to 18 months additional training). The Masseur is trained in Classical Massage, Myofascial Massage, Exercise and Movement Therapy. During the training they will study: Anatomy, Physiology, Pathology, Gynecology, Podiatry, Psychiatry, Psychology, Surgery, and probably most importantly Dermiatry and Orthopedics. They are trained in Electrotherapy, and Hydrotherapy. Hydrotherapy includes: Kneipp, Wraps, underwater Massage, therapeutic washing, Sauna and Steambath. A small part of their training will include special forms of massage which are decided by the local college, for example: Foot reflex zone massage, Thai Massage etc. Finally a graduate is allowed to treat patients under the direction of a doctor. He is regulated by the professional body which regulates Physiotherapists. This includes the restriction on advertising and oath of confidentiality to clients.[citation needed] For routine general health and well-being. Full body massage using pressure points with passive yoga stretching. No oil is used. At Suchada, we perform authentic traditional Thai massage the way it is practiced in Thailand. The massage is done on a mat with the client fully-clothed. In Thailand, a traditional Thai massage session last two hours. For your best experience, we recommend a 2 hour combination of a Thai massage and foot reflexology. $73 / 1 hr. $110 / 1.5 hrs. $140 / 2 hrs. During the massage, you will be pulled, stretched, and rocked at the hands of your Thai massage therapist. They will use every part of their body in order to do this, including their thumbs, elbows, and knees. Some masseuses might even walk on you. This approach is completely different than massages that Westerners are used to. You are not kneaded, and Thai massages certainly are not gentle. It is important to note that oftentimes, Thai massages can feel like unpleasant, if not painful experiences. Usually, the masseuse will make it more or less intense depending on a person’s size and age. In case they seem to be unaware of the pain they are inflicting, tell them jep, which means hurt.  Let's be clear, this is Thai style massage, not the usual Massage Envy or Canyon Gate true spa. There will be a lot of pressure, deep tissue work, as well as stretching like turning you into a human pretzel, but in a good way. Think of this like Asian vs Western style of parenting. You may be used to a lot of "Great job!" or "I'm proud of you" and even hugs, but this is more like Tiger Mom tough love. You get what you need, and sometimes what you need is a light ass kicking. You will walk out a better person, but the experience will not be 100% comfortable while in progress. However, one day, you may become a doctor, lawyer, or engineer because you've been tested by fire at the Thai Spa. They may go easy on you if you're good at tennis or piano. All in all, one of my preferred full body massage place after a snowboarding trip or if I have a lot of knots or tightness in my muscles. I had a great experience here. I have some problems with shin splints and tight muscles in my legs from playing soccer. I went here specifically because they offered a deep tissue massage which would help with that. I got there without an appointment and I was able to get an appoint in the next 10 minutes which was awesome. I was a little worried that the girls would not be able to massage my muscles strong enough, but boy was I wrong! They definitely know what they’re doing and massage just hard enough to get all the knots out, but not too hard to make it painful. The girl who massaged me also had some kind of intuition for exactly where the knots were and was able to target them really well. I think I will go here more often to help out my leg muscles.  Hi, I went for a Hot Stone Massage on Sunday, 24/07/2016. When the lady had placed the stones on my ...back, I had told her that it was too hot. She then shifted the stones a little bit to the left and didn't do anything else. As it was my first time having done a Hot Stone Massage, I was not sure of how hot the stones were meant to be. During the massage, I felt some pain but didn't think too much of it. When I got home, I noticed that I had a second degree burn on my back from where a stone was placed. I had to seek medical assistance due to the burn. I'm so disappointed that the lady whom had massaged me did not point this out to me when she was massaging me. She did not make it a point to tell me that I had been burnt nor did she say anything to me when I was leaving. Surely the lady whom had massaged me would know how hot these stones should be when using them in a massage. I hope that in the future, all staff are adequately trained for the services that they are providing. I have sent you a message in regards to this issue but have yet to receive a response. I look forward to hearing from you in regards to this matter. I have posted a photo of the burn wound on your Facebook page, as I am unable to post photos in reviews. See More  Gabi M: "Do you want to join me for a massage after dinner?" Me: "Of course!" (I'm not one to ever pass up a relaxing massage) Gabi: "It's a thai massage so I'm not sure you'll like it" Me: "A massage? What's not to like" Hours later I'm ready for my relaxing massage and a few minutes in I realize thai massages are NOT my usual relaxing massage. The masseuse is literally kneeling on my back getting every single knot (and I have a lot of them!) out while I say "ouch" about every 3 seconds. She continues to tell me "relax" throughout the massage and I continue to respond with "ouch." She then asks me if I want her to walk on my back..."umm no thank you!" An hour later I have every knot out of my body, but I wonder how anyone could stand more than 60 minutes of this torture. I paid my $90 + tip, enjoyed a small cup of decaffeinated tea and headed back to the hotel for a lovely night of kid free sleep. The next morning I woke up with such sore shoulders although after an hour of (additional) torture at Barry's Boot Camp felt really good. In fact, I may even make a trip to Siam Orchard a regular thing during my monthly trips to SF. Our first Thai Massage and it was wonderful. I booked the 90 minute Royal Couples Massage package and thanks to some protest in the City, we were 5 minutes late. So because of that, we had to cut our massage time early but the lady in the front was nice enough to discount us for the inconvenience. We got to use the steam room afterwards too, which was very clean and spacious for showering/getting ready after. The masseuses were both ladies but we didn't catch their names. They were very professional and damn, do they know how to get those knots out! If I worked or lived out in SF, I'd be here more often, especially for that Office Syndrome Massage I saw listed. I would highly recommend the Royal Couples Package if you're looking for a relaxing date day. It's def worth the price. This is heaven for your body. As soon as you walk in the place, the very smell, not overpowering or disturbing, but permeating everything with that sort of unnameable olfactory root of peace and energy, will guide to bliss. The service here is exemplary - I even booked an appointment for my mother - who is .. at best .. demanding and has special physical needs. The staff were amazing with her - she even enjoyed the experience and emerged, with their solicitous assistance, as zenned out as I've ever seen her. The massages ... otherworldly - great if you're athletic or prone to wildly intense workouts, some of the stretches and manipulations that they perform are nothing short of magical. The prices are completely reasonable. Got a 90 min. Thai massage for $100 with $5 discount through yelp or their website. Left $20 tip. Clean establishment. It begins face down with only your underwear on, if you choose. Make sure your face is properly centered in the face pad because you will get a proper stretching, so your upper body and pelvis area will be thoroughly pressed in a good way. Professional massage. Easy parking. Called in an almost immediate appointment. During the 1930s and 1940s massage's influence decreased as a result of medical advancements of the time, while in the 1970s massage's influence grew once again with a notable rise among athletes.[10] Until the 1970s, nurses used massage to reduce pain and aid sleep.[21] The massage therapy industry is continuously increasing. In 2009, U.S. consumers spent between $4 and $6 billion on visits to massage therapists.[22] In 2015, research estimates that massage therapy was a $12.1 billion industry.[23]  Our first Thai Massage and it was wonderful. I booked the 90 minute Royal Couples Massage package and thanks to some protest in the City, we were 5 minutes late. So because of that, we had to cut our massage time early but the lady in the front was nice enough to discount us for the inconvenience. We got to use the steam room afterwards too, which was very clean and spacious for showering/getting ready after. The masseuses were both ladies but we didn't catch their names. They were very professional and damn, do they know how to get those knots out! If I worked or lived out in SF, I'd be here more often, especially for that Office Syndrome Massage I saw listed. We must admit, there was a snafu in our system not correctly do the time slot which created that unfortunate situation. We check every appointment, and you, unfortunately, booked it less than an hour ahead which is not supposed to happen. We also had on top lately customers who are booking online and not showing off, which is for us a predicament and we would say almost 90% who are booking an hour beforehand tend never to show up or are very late.  We are also short staffed right now and, especially on Saturday's, our business is very much a bit overwhelmed with clients.   Sawadee ka (Welcome). Let our knowledgeable and friendly staff customize a Thai Wellness session for you to increase your energy level by unblocking trapped energy lines or put extra focus on your sore back. We are committed to providing the best therapeutic Thai Spa experience and proudly offer high-quality Thai Massage treatments at affordable prices. Schedule a session with us to started your journey into increased health and rejuvenation. Came here needing a good massage after receiving a very weak massage while on vacation. Had a 60 min Thai massage with a male masseuse. If you like hard pressure, you can't go wrong with this massage. My masseuse really used firm pressure to target the knots in my shoulders. After an hour of this, my whole body felt a lot better. I'll definitely be coming back on a regular basis for these awesome massages Pain relief: Relief from pain due to musculoskeletal injuries and other causes is cited as a major benefit of massage.[10] A 2015 Cochrane Review concluded that there is very little evidence that massage is an effective treatment for lower back pain.[87] A meta-analysis conducted by scientists at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign failed to find a statistically significant reduction in pain immediately following treatment.[79] Weak evidence suggests that massage may improve pain in the short term for people with acute, sub-acute, and chronic lower back pain.[87] A dry-water massage table uses jets of water to perform the massage of the client's muscles. These tables differ from a Vichy shower in that the client usually stays dry. Two common types are one in which the client lies on a waterbed-like mattress which contains warm water and jets of water and air bubbles and one in which the client lies on a foam pad and is covered by a plastic sheet and is then sprayed by jets of warm water, similar to a Vichy shower.[76] The first type is sometimes seen available for use in malls and shopping centers for a small fee. In May 2015, there were reports of a death case of a patient who had undergone Thai traditional massage.[3] The patient is reported to be a 37 year old Thai female who underwent Thai traditional massage and subsequently developed acute heart attack. The same was confirmed by the final autopsy report which indicated the cause of death to be myocardial infarction. The publicity led to a debate as to whether the death was due to Thai traditional massage. The Director General of the Department of Thai Traditional and Complementary Medicine (DTAM) stated that this was only a coincidence. After our long drive from San Diego my husband and I wanted to start our vacation off right. We called and made appointments the same day we were arriving into town. We had the couples massage and it was awesome! The massage room was very clean and everything smelled nice. The ladies both did a great job. We would definitely return the next time we are here. I woke up with the worst neck pain and after dealing with it all day I called up Thai Spa Massage 2 and made an appointment for the same day. My Mom and sister went about a month before and loved it so I took my Dad and we headed over. For two 90 minute massages it was only $200 and we each had very spacious private rooms. They even have punch cards that you can use towards a free massage. The guy I had (I can't remember his name ) asked if I had any pain, I mentioned my neck and he worked on it for at least an hour while still working on the rest of my body. Just by feeling my neck he knew how tight it was and he really worked out the knots. By the end of the massage I was able to move my neck to the side without as much pain! I will definitely be back. Thai massage typically works with compression — rhythmic pressing movements directed into muscle tissues by either the hand or fingers. Thai massage usually takes place on a futon mat on the floor, with the client wearing loose or stretchy clothing like yoga gear. The therapist is also on the mat and moves your body into various stretches and positions, without any work on your part. This is why it is sometimes called "lazy man's yoga". Thai massage can be both relaxing and energizing, so it is a good choice if you want to be active after your massage. The ambience is very nice, all wooden with orchids with incense or candles scent wafting about and steam coming out of a humidifier in the hallway. The room itself for massage is nice: private, spacious with relaxing zen music playing. You don't really hear any other movement or customers in the hallway. Very tranquil ambience. They pay attention to cute and chill details. Have you ever had a Thai massage? Well you should get one if you haven't. Seriously, they get down to the very DEEP part of your problems. It's so peaceful and relaxing yet tough on your body. I don't know if tough is the word? Rough? Hmm. Well, the massage itself was full body and felt really good. Not sure how to describe it but they stretch you at the end and it is a legit massage place. Tip: don't go if you're sore! Cus they really work you! I'll be back! As the name suggests, deep tissue massage applies deep pressure onto specific trouble points. It feels very much like someone is torturing you on purpose by pushing into your knotted muscle, and the massage can leave you feeling sore. It's not just more pressure all over your body, however (which would be true torture), it's very specific, methodical treatment. As Moyer Wellness explains: Neuromuscular therapy is a form of soft tissue manipulation that aims to treat underlying causes of chronic pain involving the muscular and nervous systems. This medically oriented form of massage addresses trigger points (tender muscles points), circulation, nerve compression, postural issues, and biomechanical problems that can be caused by repetitive movement injuries. A little strange, I've had massages elsewhere and this one has to be the worst, dare I say. Don't get me wrong I'm sure the ladies who work there work hard but they were a little pushy for my liking. We were told to take off our shoes ready for our foot wash in warm soapy water in a sink tub. (Which I'm pretty sure used washing up liquid not body soap as I could smell it) We are a brand new business in the heart of San Francisco at 39 Polk Street (the corner of Market and Polk) San Francisco California 94102. All of our masseuses are licensed and insured and experienced in the ancient art of traditional Thai Massage. We offer spacious and luxurious private rooms. There is also a steam room and shower available. Siam Orchid is beautifully decorated in all wood (the traditional Thai Style) and appointed with a state of the art sound system. We look forward to seeing you. Sometimes confused with pressure point massage,[10] this involves deactivating trigger points that may cause local pain or refer pain and other sensations, such as headaches, in other parts of the body. Manual pressure, vibration, injection, or other treatment is applied to these points to relieve myofascial pain. Trigger points were first discovered and mapped by Janet G. Travell (President Kennedy's physician) and David Simons. Trigger points have been photomicrographed and measured electrically[70] and in 2007 a paper was presented showing images of Trigger Points using MRI.[71] These points relate to dysfunction in the myoneural junction, also called neuromuscular junction (NMJ), in muscle, and therefore this technique is different from reflexology, acupressure and pressure point massage. The most widely recognized and commonly used category of massage is the Swedish massage. The Swedish massage techniques vary from light to vigorous.[62] Swedish massage uses five styles of strokes. The five basic strokes are effleurage (sliding or gliding), petrissage (kneading), tapotement (rhythmic tapping), friction (cross fiber or with the fibers) and vibration/shaking.[63] Swedish massage has shown to be helpful in reducing pain, joint stiffness, and improving function in patients with osteoarthritis of the knee over a period of eight weeks.[64] The development of Swedish massage is often inaccurately credited to Per Henrik Ling, though the Dutch practitioner Johann Georg Mezger applied the French terms to name the basic strokes.[65] The term "Swedish" massage is actually only recognized in English and Dutch speaking countries, and in Hungary. Elsewhere the style is referred to as "classic massage". If I could give it no stars I would, upon entry everything seemed well until they took our payment. The 75 min treatment we were promised, became a 40 min. They kept coming in and out the room stopping our treatment, talking a singing through our treatment, the massage itself was awful at one point she slapped and punched my back several times, I have had Thai massage a lot but never like this, one point I asked her to massage my lower led and she snapped saying I have another client at 4. I was only 30 mins in to my treatment. I got annoyed asks to speak to the manger at this point my therapist is having a go at me saying I have other clients and we are busy, the manager came in shouting denying they agreed to 75 mins saying we never do that and we didn't agree then the argument got confusing as one min they are saying yes it's the same treatment for an hour, the rest of the staff were laughing and some arguing with us, once we got out tried to ring the owner Chris who kept saying he was busy and another staff member complaining to him saying they won't go!! All we wanted to do was to inform them of our consumer rights and to let the boss know that the staff are unprofessional and rude on top of all that they left the room wide open when we were undressed and they had other customers outside! Save your money and time and go else where. Another amazing experience at my hands down favorite place. Drove an hour to get here and it was EVERYTHING I expected. Booked 90 minutes and enjoyed every second. I got walked on, cupped, every kink in my body was worked on and it was amazing. Word of advice, if you want something - ASK FOR IT. Yes, people don't speak English perfectly. Yes, people have different cultural quirks that may seem rude to us. However, I have learned to walk in and literally say exactly what I want. I walked in and told Summer: I want you to walk on me, use your knees, feet, etc. I want cupping, and I want you to not hold back at all. My headache, back tension, knots, and all my stress...GONE! I went home and slept like a baby. 100% satisfaction and an amazing , fantastic place! Trigger point massage therapy is specifically designed to alleviate the source of the pain through cycles of isolated pressure and release. ... The results and benefits of trigger point massage are releasing constricted areas in the muscles thus alleviating pain. You can experience a significant decrease in pain after just one treatment. Receiving massage with trigger point therapy on a regular basis can help naturally manage pain and stress from chronic injuries. Peer-reviewed medical research has shown that the benefits of massage include pain relief, reduced trait anxiety and depression, and temporarily reduced blood pressure, heart rate, and state of anxiety.[79] Additional testing has shown an immediate increase and expedited recovery periods for muscle performance.[80] Theories behind what massage might do include enhanced skeletal muscle regrowth and remodeling,[81] blocking nociception (gate control theory),[82] activating the parasympathetic nervous system, which may stimulate the release of endorphins and serotonin, preventing fibrosis[83] or scar tissue, increasing the flow of lymph, and improving sleep.[10][84] However for the past couple days, they ignored my email, Yelp message and text message. I decided to call. On the phone they tried to dodge things still, which seemed questionable at best (possibly shady). However supposedly they will honor the order confirmation that I received. Again the issue is not that my brother did not receive the email. It was everything that followed. Iyara Traditional Thai Massage introduces a type of massage in Thai style that involves stretching and deep body massage. This form of bodywork is usually performed on the floor, and the client wears comfortable clothes that allow for movement. No oils are used in this Thai massage. It is known in Thailand as "Nuat Phaen Boran" (นวดแผนโบราณ), literally, the ancient-manner massage. Deep tissue massage is a focused, therapeutic massage that targets muscle knots (also known as "adhesions") and specific problem areas in the deeper layers of muscle and connective tissue. Using deliberate, slow strokes or friction across the grain of the muscle, the therapist addresses chronic tight or painful muscles, repetitive strain, postural problems, or injuries. I woke up with the worst neck pain and after dealing with it all day I called up Thai Spa Massage 2 and made an appointment for the same day. My Mom and sister went about a month before and loved it so I took my Dad and we headed over. For two 90 minute massages it was only $200 and we each had very spacious private rooms. They even have punch cards that you can use towards a free massage. These 3 websites do not have any relation nor contact to/with the Wat Po School in Bangkok. We hold no association or affiliations with these following organizations and our guarantees for standard, safety and quality of the Thai traditional massage do not extend to these following brands and organizations. www.learn-wat-pho.com, www.watpothaispa.com, www.watphomassage.com Welcome to King Thai Massage Health Care Center!:) Get the best relaxation and pampering you deserved today! First location appeals in Toronto at St. Clair and Yonge. Second location appeals in Scarborough at Sheppard and Birchmount. From the moment you walk through our doors, a warm welcoming feeling will envelop you. Our experienced and talented team of professionals is committed to working with you and giving you the best facial and massage, pampering satisfying experience every time you visit at this Toronto day spa. We work together supporting each other wherever necessary, to ensure a smooth yet healthy relaxation and care for the benefit of our guests. Our first Thai Massage and it was wonderful. I booked the 90 minute Royal Couples Massage package and thanks to some protest in the City, we were 5 minutes late. So because of that, we had to cut our massage time early but the lady in the front was nice enough to discount us for the inconvenience. We got to use the steam room afterwards too, which was very clean and spacious for showering/getting ready after. The masseuses were both ladies but we didn't catch their names. They were very professional and damn, do they know how to get those knots out! If I worked or lived out in SF, I'd be here more often, especially for that Office Syndrome Massage I saw listed. I would highly recommend the Royal Couples Package if you're looking for a relaxing date day. It's def worth the price.  Wat Pho, the center of Thai medicine and massage for centuries, opened the Wat Pho Thai Traditional Medical and Massage School in 1955 on the temple grounds, the first such school approved by the Thai Ministry of Education. Wat Pho offers four basic courses of Thai medicine: Thai massage, Thai midwife-nurse, Thai pharmacy, and Thai medical practice.[7] In this unique healing system of Thai Massage, the practitioner guides the client through a series of postures, while massaging along the body’s “energy lines” and pressure points. Together these actions with passive stretching result in a full body treatment that relieves muscular tension, improves circulation, enhances the immune system and balances the body. After walking for hours and visiting the various sites and not to mention the long flight, I decided to find a great massage place. I requested an appointment through yelp and received a response very quickly. Although it was difficult to locate (go up the stairs and take the elevators on the side of the video gaming place), all the stress and tension went away after the massage. She did a great job focusing on my problem areas and I walked away from there feeling relaxed. They offer combination packages that are worth it so be sure to check out their website. AD 1813 The Royal Gymnastic Central Institute for the training of gymnastic instructors was opened in Stockholm, Sweden, with Pehr Henrik Ling appointed as principal. Ling developed what he called the "Swedish Movement Cure." Ling died in 1839, having previously named his pupils as the repositories of his teaching. Ling and his assistants left little proper written account of their methods. [8][15][16]  Traditional Thai massage is an ancient healing system that combines broad and targeted acupressure, stimulation and manipulation of energy lines called sen, and assisted yoga postures. Treatment effects are enhanced when the patient is fully relaxed and breathing deeply. This traditional healing practice, called nuad or nuad boran in the Thai language, stands in sharp contrast to western massage therapies. I rarely write reviews. I like massage and I have tried a lot of massage places. Finally, I found Siam Orchid! This place is very cute, I have gone through many times but have no chance to try it. One day I was looking Thai massage on Yelp, the siam orchid has a lot of good reviews, so I decided to give them a try. I've been there 3 times, everyone was amazing. Today I need a deep tissue massage so I went there without an appointment. The place is quiet and clean, staffs were friendly and professional. I picked the 90 mins deep tissue massage with the female masseuse, the front desk sent me to the room then ready for my massage. During the massage, my masseuse was pretty professional, she used the right amount of pressure and always asked me If I ok. She recommended walking on my body gently, she has a lot of experience. After my massage my body felt very soft and relaxed. I asked her name which Tanya, I read a lot of good reviews from Tanya. I finally know why Tanya so popular unite I tried her massage!! Lastly Siam Orchid has a discount for weekday 11am-3pm, which more affordable. I will definitely come back again!! Brown is one such therapist who has incorporated her Thai massage work into her table massage practice. And she’s found the addition of a table Thai massage has had unexpected benefits to her practice. For one, she attracts new clients who were always interested in massage but didn’t want to take off their clothes, as well as current clients interested in Thai massage but uncomfortable being on the floor. The difference between the two exercises is that during a massage, it's the responsibility of the massage therapist to carry out the work, while the individual on the receiving end reaps the benefits. Increased flexibility, oxygenation of the blood, postural alignment, and elongated muscles are all prospective enhancements resulting from a session of Thai massage. Fluidly, one's body is positioned by another in a series of poses aiming to promote health and relaxation. Yoga requires poses to be achieved through the efforts of a single person, and the notion of contorting oneself while concurrently meditating is no simple task. Thai massage is, in fact, yoga for those of us who are inherently unmotivated. Study foot massage method that integrate the knowledge of Chinese reflexology points with the most relaxing Wat Po massage techniques. Thai massage practically starts at the sole of the lift foot to stimulate the wind element and to balance all of four elements in human body (earth, water, wind and fire). Moreover, pressing and massaging through reflexology points are benefited to regain and improve activities of internal organs. Practical session only We are very faithful to the Thai massage tradition and therefore we try to evoke past eras through touch. After all, muscle manipulation is one of the most effective ancient techniques that has lasted until our times. Don't put off until tomorrow what you can do today, especially because the feeling of pain can get worse and prevention is better than cure. Massage is big business in Thailand. It is regulated by the Public Health Ministry. The Commerce and Tourism and Sports Ministries have set a target of 20 billion baht per year to be generated by the spa business, but only 500 of the 2,000 spas nationwide are legally registered with the authorities. The legal difference between a "spa" and a "massage parlour" is unclear. The Federation of Thai Spa Associations (FTSPA) in 2016 urged authorities to clamp down on sexual services being offered at some massage parlours. The FTSPA maintains that influential figures have used legal loopholes to open "pretty spas" or massage parlours where tourists can buy sexual services.[11] One of the biggest benefits is the relaxation that comes from it. Numerous studies have shown that those who have massages are more relaxed, and many seek out massage as a form of relaxation. This, paired with the yoga-like elements of Thai massage, which is also relaxing, ensures that Thai massage can help even the most tense person find relaxation. Along with this, Thai massage is an excellent way to relieve stress. Since stress can have long-term and serious effects on the body and mind, using Thai massage to help relieve stress will help improve overall health. Thai massage – or Nuat Thai – combines both physical and energetic aspects. It is a deep, full-body massage progressing from the feet up, and focusing on sen or energy lines throughout the body, with the aim of clearing blockages in these lines, and thus stimulating the flow of blood and lymph throughout the body. It draws on yoga, acupressure and reflexology. The staff at Therapeutic Thai Massage believe everyone should take advantage of the therapeutic and stress relieving benefits of massage therapy. Our certified massage therapists will create an oasis of healing and tranquility with the sole goal of catering to your needs. Are you seeking improved circulation? Need relief from sore muscles? Or, do you simply want to treat yourself and relax in our steam room? Visit Therapeutic Thai Massage today. Is a technique that focuses in the deeper layers of muscle tissue. It aims to release the chronic pain patterns of tension in the body. Through slow strokes and deep finger or elbow pressure on the contracted areas either following or going across the fibers of the muscles, tendons and fascia. It also helps break up and eliminate scar tissue that builds up in the body and reduce inflammation related pain caused by tendonitis and arthritis. The standard type of massage offered in most clinics, gyms, spas, and wellness centers, Swedish massage is virtually synonymous with massage therapy. Swedish massage is based on the Western concepts of anatomy and physiology, compared to the energy-centric style more common in Asian forms of massage. Using lotion or oil, massage therapists typically begin with broad general strokes and then transition to specific strokes to address problem areas. For the last 15 years, Thierry has travelled throughout Thailand, Australia and Europe to deepen his studies. He has trained in Shiatsu and Oriental Medicine, Massage Therapy and among his many teachers are Pichest Boonthumee master of Traditional Thai Massage, Krishnataki, David Lutt co-founder of OsteoThai and Eyal Lederman of oscillatory and harmonic osteopathy. I was in need of a massage as I felt a great amount of tightness and stiffness have built up in my body. I have worked in high end spas and this place definitely isn't that. You walk in, go into a room, and they get to straight working every knot and kink out, which I liked - getting to the point. This place looked and seemed unremarkable, but I was impressed. August was a tiny woman, but she had a lot of strength, firm pressure. I felt so much better the next day being able to concentrate on work rather than the pain of all the activities built up over the past few years since my last massage. I'm definitely making a monthly visit to this Thai massage place from now on. Definitely recommend. Thai New York Spa & Salon in Astoria, Queens invites you to escape the city and experience pure tranquility in our relaxing spa. We encourage you to try our signature treatment, an Authentic Thai Massage. Our goal is to provide you with the finest treatments at affordable prices. Popular services include deep tissue massages, facials, Brazilian Keratin hair straightening, manicures & pedicures, Swedish massages and waxing treatments. Expect a painless and soothing massage experience. These types of massages are excellent for clearing your head and re-centring yourself. Reach higher levels of mindfulness and press the reset button on your body, mind, and spirit. You will leave this massage feeling perfectly rested and relaxed. Traditional relaxation massage is recommended for people who are new to massage therapy. Massage is to work and act on the body with pressure. Massage techniques are commonly applied with hands, fingers, elbows, knees, forearms, feet, or a device. The purpose of massage is generally for the treatment of body stress or pain. A person who was professionally trained to give massages was traditionally known as a masseur (male) or a masseuse (female). The title massage therapist has been recognized as a business norm. The Chinese culture has practiced the prophylactic health aspects of Chinese best massage therapies on a budget for over 5,000 years and passed down the knowledge and techniques for generations; however, many people do not experience the true benefits of ancient Chinese therapy or understand what kind of relief they should be experiencing. The earliest mentioning about the specific Tui-Na terms was dating back to around 2700 BC,  Experience authentic Thai massage and herbal treatments at Siam Thai Massage and Herbal Spa, conveniently located downtown in the City of Hamilton. Whether you’re looking to soothe sore muscles after a day of actively exploring Bermuda or you just want to relax and get pampered in a serene atmosphere, you'll find the perfect treatment on the spa menu, which includes massage, facials, aromatherapy and more.  Middle-Ages: Medical knowledge, including that of massage, made its way from Rome to Persia in the Middle Ages.[citation needed] Many of Galen's manuscripts, for instance, were collected and translated by Hunayn ibn Ishaq in the 9th century. Later in the 11th century copies were translated back into Latin, and again in the 15th and 16th centuries, when they helped enlighten European scholars as to the achievements of the Ancient Greeks. This renewal of the Galenic tradition during the Renaissance played a very important part in the rise of modern science. My wife and I came to Las Vegas for our honeymoon. After party's for several days, I invited the spouse to a massage. I found this place on Yep after discovering the (exorbitant) prices at the Aria, where we stayed. The ladies at this spa took us in right away. We were walk ins. My wife got a combination massage. I got a deep rub massage. I told the masseuse my problem areas. She walked on my back and legs after my approval. She was very thorough and efficient. I was like melting butter afterwards. Why not 5 stars? Although my wife enjoyed the massage, she felt that it was too hard at times. She would have preferred a licensed massage therapist. As for me, I kinda like it rough. I'd go back here next time we're im town.  Freaking excellent massage. They did thai combo, and for a girl thats had MANY thai massages, this was among the top. My practitioner was awesome with the pressure, loved her techniques, she was sure to keep me draped which i appreciated. Went with my partner for couples massage who i could hear moaning and snoring on and off lmaoo. We both went cuz we were a little jacked from alot of walking and had instant relief that continued into the next day. Dont let the location/looks fool you, these folks are on point! I am new to LA and this was my first therapeutic massage here in town. I have gone for several massages back in my home state of Pennsylvania but Aqua Thai Spa was by far the best experience I have had yet. I will certainly return as a customer, NAPA was magnificent, she listened to what I mentioned about the areas on my back that were giving me problems and she made it her focus which in my past experience they usually don’t. Siam Thai Massage is a therapeutic massage studio serving clients in the Quincy area. We provide excellent massages along with serious pampering, spa treatments, and a personal massager in a comfortable and relaxed atmosphere, all at an affordable price. Whether you're here for a specific medical condition or just a relaxing quality massage, you can rest assured that we will make you feel healthy, young, and refreshed all at the same time. Contact us today to book an appointment!  The Chinese culture has practiced the prophylactic health aspects of Chinese best massage therapies on a budget for over 5,000 years and passed down the knowledge and techniques for generations; however, many people do not experience the true benefits of ancient Chinese therapy or understand what kind of relief they should be experiencing. The earliest mentioning about the specific Tui-Na terms was dating back to around 2700 BC, Sawadee ka (Welcome). Let our knowledgeable and friendly staff customize a Thai Wellness session for you to increase your energy level by unblocking trapped energy lines or put extra focus on your sore back. We are committed to providing the best therapeutic Thai Spa experience and proudly offer high-quality Thai Massage treatments at affordable prices. Schedule a session with us to started your journey into increased health and rejuvenation.  The therapist uses his or her hands, knees, legs, and feet to move you into a series of yoga-like stretches and also applies deep muscle compression, joint mobilization, and acupressure. Thai massage also utilizes energy work, which, according to ancient Asian culture, treats the subtle energetic field within the body. It corrects blockages, deficiencies, and imbalances in the flow of this energy, which then is believed to improve the client's health. After I come here my entire body hurts for a few days after. Once the pain goes away I feel the difference and how my back indeed feels much better. After 7-10 days the pain comes back and I try to get another massage (I don't always come here though). I have been here a few times, most of the times waking in and never requested anyone in particular. All therapists I had were great. The technique and the way the massage is done is very similar and everyone was very good.  Although there is a standardized system of training Thai traditional medicine in Thailand the control of medical practice is not well guided by local governmental agencies.[11,12] This has led to a situation where laypersons without degrees are practising Thai traditional massage. Although a legal framework to control of Thai massage medical centers and massage shops is available, the massage is also widely conducted in other settings without control. Also, since Thai traditional massage has ethnic and cultural connections, people tend to accept it out of belief, not knowledge. Standardization of the massage is an issue and when done, it can bring about greater acceptance of the massage system. The guy I had (I can't remember his name ) asked if I had any pain, I mentioned my neck and he worked on it for at least an hour while still working on the rest of my body. Just by feeling my neck he knew how tight it was and he really worked out the knots. By the end of the massage I was able to move my neck to the side without as much pain! I will definitely be back. In regulated provinces massage therapists are known as Registered Massage Therapists, in Canada only four provinces regulate massage therapy:[95] British Columbia, Ontario, Newfoundland and Labrador, and New Brunswick.[96] Regulated provinces have, since 2012, established inter-jurisdiction competency standards.[97][95] Quebec is not provincially regulated. Massage therapists may obtain a certification with one of various associations operating. There is the Professional Association of Specialized Massage Therapists of Quebec, also named Mon Réseau Plus, which represents 6,300 massage therapists (including orthotherapists, naturotherapists and others), the Quebec Federation of massage therapists (FMQ), and the Association québécoise des thérapeutes naturels; however, none of these are regulated by provincial law. Upon approach, it appeared to be a small, hole in the wall type spot. Pleasantly surprised once I… Upon approach, it appeared to be a small, hole in the wall type spot. Pleasantly surprised once I stepped inside! Immediately I was greeted, served hot tea (which is delicious - I had a few cups during my time!) and led back to the steam room within minutes. The bathroom area is older style, however seems clean and equipped with the basics (including lockers w provided keys). The clothing you're given to wear is definitely not something I would ever pick out for myself, but it suited the purpose and I figured I wouldn't run into anyone important. After I sweated it out in the steam room, I enjoyed a Thai/foot massage with Mary. I've never had a Thai massage before and it's definitely a different experience. I wouldn't say it's as relaxing as a Swedish massage but certainly helps loosen up tight muscles. In the form I filled out at check in, I specified strong pressure and wasn't disappointed! Would go again. Read more Som and her team offer service at the highest standards with a welcoming smile and a welcoming cool drink to refresh you. Each of the specially trained, qualified team members continue their training and keep up to date with new massage techniques and new forms of relaxation methods. If you haven't experienced a thai massage, you are simply missing out. There may be other possible adverse effects which need to be focussed upon, such as the risk of fracture due to rough massage. One example is a report from Malaysia on serious spine fracture resulting in spinal cord compression due to traditional massage (Malaysia is a country geographically close to Thailand and shares a few traditional medical practices).[5] There can also be neurological side effects due to massage and need investigation. Although there has never been any official report about this, the problem of brain hemorrhage in infants due to traditional massage applied to the mothers during pregnancy has been reported.[6,7] In fact, application of traditional massage to infants can directly cause testes hemorrhage and such other internal hemorrhages in infants.[8] Finally, the risk of embolism due to applying massage to carotid area needs to be mentioned.[9] This can be the cause of cardiac arrhythmias and cerebrovascular accidents[10] that can further result in sudden death (in the latest indexed case, this cannot be rule out to be a cause). It will be of interest to note that in the present clinical practice, there are no guidelines for the practitioners for history taking and monitoring of vital signs of the patient before, during and after massage. This Professional Thai massage for Health for 165 hours which is comprises of 100 hours of practical session and 65 hours for theoretical session and examination. (with anatomy and physiology for 24 hours, Thai traditional medicine, pharmacy and massage for 36 hours) You will learn how to perform Thai Massage for Health on the whole body, herbal massage vs. herbal sauna and head, back and shoulder massage in the sitting position properly. You will be able to determine what kind of massage that the patient need for the whole session.and Ascetic self-stretching. It takes about 26 days to complete. This course will offer each month start on the first day of the month except Sunday. I love going to Traditions Massage and Facial Spa. Although I live in Tennessee my friend and I try to go when i'm in town. They have been so accommodating fitting us in their schedule due to fact I never know when i'm coming in town. Everyone goes out of their way to make you feel special and very RELAXED!! I highly recommend them!!! Sidney did an amazing job with my facial, as did Maggie with my massage. I did't want it to end!! At Siam Thai Massage, traditional techniques provide sore patients with full-body relief. During massages, therapists gradually shift clients between yoga-like positions and apply gentle, rhythmic pressure and slow stretches to help soothe stiffness and improve flexibility. Thai reflexology treatments focus on the feet to stimulate other parts of the body, and deep-tissue massages work out tough, painful knots. During the massage, you will be pulled, stretched, and rocked at the hands of your Thai massage therapist. They will use every part of their body in order to do this, including their thumbs, elbows, and knees. Some masseuses might even walk on you. This approach is completely different than massages that Westerners are used to. You are not kneaded, and Thai massages certainly are not gentle. It is important to note that oftentimes, Thai massages can feel like unpleasant, if not painful experiences. Usually, the masseuse will make it more or less intense depending on a person’s size and age. In case they seem to be unaware of the pain they are inflicting, tell them jep, which means hurt. Traditional Thai massage, as it is practiced at Metta Traditional Thai Massage, is a dynamic healing art utilizing ancient techniques. The therapist applies gentle deep pressure along the body's ten sen lines (energy lines) to stimulate the body's energy to bring balance and health. In short, traditional Thai massage works along these meridians using a combination of yoga stretches, reflexology, acupressure, adjustments, and internal organ massage making traditional Thai massage one of the most energizing and healing forms of massage you will ever experience.  I highly recommend Chinese Traditional Massage. I booked a one hour Tui-Na Massage - Level II. My body has been rather tight with knots and the massage that I got today really broke up those knots and the added stretching and cupping helped with the tightness I have been experiencing. I felt much more relaxed after my session. I look forward to my next session there. I arrived early and was told that I should come back in ~30 minutes. Since the temperature was cold outside, I asked if I could stay inside and there wasn't an issue. I was told that I could lay on the bed while I waited but I decided I would just sit there. I used the Yelp app on my phone to check in and there was a discount. I spoke with the person behind the counter about the discount and I was informed that because I wanted a 90 minute massage and the 90 minute massage was already discounted, it would not apply. When the person was ready I was escorted to the room. Inside the room there were 2 massage beds. I was asked how long I wanted and I mentioned that I wanted 90 minutes. I was then asked to undress and go underneath the towel. I'm not sure how this place has so many great reviews. I made an appointment online through the website and drove for 30 minutes. When I arrived the place was empty and the woman that came out to receive me told me she had no appointments for this time. She checked her phone and in what I assume was not English, started explaining that I made the appointment to late and that it didn't mattered that the website said the time sloth was available because she checked the appointments on the morning and I just got there too late. It was hard to understand her but I knew they wouldn't give me the service and then I was trying to leave and she kept on holding me to explain I made the appointment too late for her. Never coming back. The BEST Thai massage I've ever had. My bf said the same thing so I'm pretty sure no matter who you get they'll be amazing! We went for the traditional massage with no oil for 90 minutes and that felt like the perfect amount of time. We paid about 150 usd for the both of us before tip. Read the tips on how to find the place, I found that really helpful. And don't forget to tip! They speak enough English so you don't feel like communication is a problem. I'll for sure be back whenever I'm in Tokyo. Go here , you won't regret it! We offer a wide array of massage and beauty services tailored to fit you unique health goals. Origins Thai Spa practitioners perform a full range of massages, facial treatments, body scrubs/wraps and waxing options to ensure that you relax and feel your best. Visit our Arlington or Sterling location today, and begin your quest to achieve good health. Bridging the gap between the theory and practice of Thai massage, The Encyclopaedia of Thai Massage explores the history, spiritual traditional and ethical codes of Thai medicine, alongside a detailed analysis of Thai massage therapy. The book uses full colour photographs and diagrams to illustrate the variety of techniques, as well as examples of routines for treating specific disorders. This second edition is updated with a new layout, photos and expanded text, providing an exhaustive handbook, complete with a section on the main energy meridians and acupressure points, making it the perfect tool to accompany anyone studying this modality. (International Therapist) As if all this were not enough, since you enter the Spa your well-being is our responsibility, and that's why we work for you feel to totally comfortable and leave out your daily worries and the stress of routine. Our masseuses are specialists in making you forget your problems, and for this reason we even provide you with the most suitable clothes for treatment. This is the only way to maximise the benefits of Thai massage. I went for a hot stone massage, she rubbed hot stones on my back at one point briefly but they weren...’t laid on my back like a usual hot stone massage. The massage didn’t flow and I question whether she was trained professionally. I felt the massage was rushed at the end. I also question why I wasn’t asked to fill out any paperwork or if I had any injuries or conditions. I won’t be coming back. See More Shiatsu (literally, "finger pressure") is an ancient technique from Japan. It combines gentle stretches with finger pressure to work on different pressure points. The idea is to fix imbalances in the flow of energy in your body. Although there's no concrete evidence of Shiatsu's use as a healing method, people who have had this massage still report stress and pain relief. About.com's Alternative Medicine site says: The main professionals that provide therapeutic massage are massage therapists, athletic trainers, physical therapists and practitioners of many traditional Chinese and other eastern medicines. Massage practitioners work in a variety of medical settings and may travel to private residences or businesses.[10] Contraindications to massage include deep vein thrombosis, bleeding disorders or taking blood thinners such as Warfarin, damaged blood vessels, weakened bones from cancer, osteoporosis, or fractures, and fever.[10] I've been here 3 times, as a former professional massage therapist, I have to say that these people do things far beyond what I was capable of and it's AMAZING! I've recommended it to all of my friends. My massage therapist PAULA have amazing skill and technique and are perfect for anyone like me who's worried about a lack of pressure. Nelly is wonderful if you just want a nice relaxing massage after a hard day. My preference is for PAULA who work very deep into tissue and do a lot of full body stretches (it's Thai massage after all!) This is better than anything you'd get at MassageEnvy. Spas around the Houston area which provide quality Thai Massage are incredibly rare. Ergonomic chairs serve a similar function as a massage table. Chairs may be either stationary or portable models. Massage chairs are easier to transport than massage tables, and recipients do not need to disrobe to receive a chair massage. Due to these two factors, chair massage is often performed in settings such as corporate offices, outdoor festivals, shopping malls, and other public locations. Wow! It's a day after my massage and I still feel the healing and relaxing effects. Supinya did an amazing job targetting my neck and shoulders. I feel she must get a lot of people who work at desks all day and suffer from the strains of computer usage. I called around noon and they fit me in for 5:15pm with no waiting time and no rush. The manager and the massuers are all Thai ruk Thai and were very kind and pleasant. It's $60 for an hour, and you should tip. However, I am planning on going here monthly as a treat- yo- self splurge. I'm glad to live in a community where immigrants and women of color can get rewarded for their craft and skill. Krupkhunjao!  Mantra Wellness Centre has a broad range of massage therapy services designed to heal the mind, body, and spirit. From intense therapeutic massage therapy to relaxing raindrop massage, our staff will provide a relaxing massage experience that will leave you feeling balanced and restored. Choose from our many massage therapy services. If you’re not certain what sort of massage is best for your needs, speak to a Mantra Wellness Centre staff member. Massage is based on pressure points along ten key energy lines of the body, which power all physical, mental and emotional processes. If there is an energy imbalance, the body's harmony is disrupted, causing pain and disease. Massaging along these key energy lines can break energy blockage, stimulate the circulation and restore general well-being. In this form of massage, the recipient is fully-clothed, in a loose-fitting top and pants. Massage oil is not used. The recipient wears loose, comfortable clothing and lies on a mat or firm mattress on the floor. In Thailand, a dozen or so subjects may be receiving massage simultaneously in one large room. The true ancient style of the massage requires that the massage be performed solo with just the giver and receiver. The receiver will be positioned in a variety of yoga-like positions during the course of the massage, that is also combined with deep static and rhythmic pressures. This place is absolutely wonderful! I have gotten massages all over the place from Asha, Heavenly Massage, Massage a Envy, Ritz Carlton hotel, resorts in Mexico etc... although all of the mentioned places are awesome and have their own individual thing that makes them awesome however I think I have finally found the place and therapist that I will be seeing regularly. Summer, she is an amazing therapist who literally moved my body in ways that I didn't think we're possibly - cracking and stretching my back, deep and thorough massage of my head/scalp, neck, shoulders, back, legs and even a phenomenal massage of my feet! I am telling you, if you haven't been here, it's an absolute must that you go and see Summer. This massage is completely different from the tradition deep tissue massage that you will receive at other places, Summer literally even walked on my back and used her feet/knees to massage my muscles. I have extremely bad neck/shoulder back along with lower back pain related to pinched nerves but Summer was able to relieve this pain. Even it is temporarily (because I just got my massage a few hours before writing this) it was definitely worth it and I will absolutely be returning. $70 for an hour is reasonable but their massage is MUCH better than any other traditional place that you have visited. The only downfall is that this place isn't one of the posh, tranquility type places like Asha (get extra pampered, zero sound/noises in entire facility, heated beds etc) - unfortunately I could clearly hear through the walls of conversations taking place but they didn't last long so it didn't really bother me. All in all, $70, extremely unique and wonderful experience and massage! Go see Summer!!  Teaches the fundamentals of Thai Massage Points and Lines for relief of more than 50 minor ailments, such as muscle sprains and pains, tennis elbow, stiffness of the neck, lower back pains, muscle cramps, muscle fatigue, muscle stiffness, muscular discomfort, and nervous tension.It also helps to make muscles, joints and tendons suppler.Thai Medical Massage is helpful in preventing the atrophy (wasting away) of muscles in paralyzed patients and elderly people who are unable to exercise.The first 4 days consists of the Theory of Anatomy and Physiology, Thai Massage Lines, and Thai Herbal Medicine. I made my appointment last minutes for my sister bday present, the owner was very helpful and happily squeezing us in their pack schedule. She was very considerate and went out of her way to make sure we got the right masseuse according on how we would like our massage. We felt welcomed from the beginning when we got there to the end of our visit. The room was very relaxing, clean, and orderly. Fresh robes were also provided while waiting. The masseuse was perfect, asked through out the whole process to make sure they were giving the right pressure. The owner even checked in on us to make sure we were well taken care of. Before we left we were offered tea and the ginger tea was decadent . Thanks to this great experience I had recommended them to my friend and myself to visit them monthly. The second reason it is not that commonly found is that it requires special training. Many American massage therapists are serious students who have traveled to Asia for intensive programs, but others might have to take a weekend workshop. You might want to inquire about their training before you sign up. If you live in a major city, you might be able to get a high quality, no-frills Thai massage for a reasonable price. A considerable amount of privacy is allotted in most places offering Thai massage, making it an ideal solution for the individual who isn't quite up for the challenge of yoga. Let's face it, not everyone is equipped with the physique or poise necessary to squeeze into spandex and curl into the Downward Facing Dog position. Yoga, for the most part, is available in group sessions. Though spandex is not a requirement, it's not uncommon to practice among a variety of other adults, all of whom happen to be more flexible than you. For a more intimate experience, Thai massage manages to produce similar somatic results without the awkwardness of being observed by seemingly elastic peers. Finally, sports massage is designed specifically for the very physically active (whether you're a professional athlete or not). It combines Swedish, Shiatsu, and other techniques to concentrate on the areas that are related to your sport. Athletes often get sports massages to prepare for peak performance, prevent injury, and also treat injury. Sports Injury Clinic, which offers several demonstration videos, says: In South Africa, massage is regulated, but enforcement is poor. The minimum legal requirement to be able to practice as a professional massage therapist is a 2-year diploma in Therapeutic Massage and registration with The Allied Health Professions Council of SA (AHPCSA). The 2 year qualification includes 240 credits, about 80 case studies, and about 100 hours community service.  A "vacation" in Tokyo certainly requires a lot of walking. After logging 10+ miles a few days in a row, our bodies were in need of a little R&R. There are certainly a lot of options for massages in Japan, but Erawan definitely appeals to tourists. It was SO easy to request an appointment via Yelp. They got back to me within a hour and we had appointments setup later that day. Siam's location is in mid-Market; not the best location and parking can be a challenging (best to use Uber or Lyft). But inside the environment is very serene with wood interior and the sound of water flowing. They have a large number of masseuses here at any given time- I believe ~8 so they often have availability, provided you schedule. Cost is $90 for a 1 hour swedish oil massage, and $5 discount if you pay by cash. Some of the masseuses have their own unique hours; for example Judy often starts at 2 PM on. You can also request a massage table if you prefer (which is elevated and I find allows for better breathing), versus the ground mat that is common in thai massage. Siam also has a steam room which is extra and showers. The guy I had (I can't remember his name ) asked if I had any pain, I mentioned my neck and he worked on it for at least an hour while still working on the rest of my body. Just by feeling my neck he knew how tight it was and he really worked out the knots. By the end of the massage I was able to move my neck to the side without as much pain! I will definitely be back.  A licensed massage therapist should ask you about your health history before the massage. Thai massage may not be safe for someone with health conditions such as disk herniation, osteoporosis, recent surgery, or cardiovascular disease. If you're considering trying Thai massage, it's a good idea to check with your healthcare provider before getting treatment to discuss whether it's appropriate for you. An ancient Chinese massage and has been in use for more than 3,000 years. The theory is that the sensory nerves of the body's inner organs are spread throughout the body and are connected to the most superficial layer of the body,All sensory nerves are rooted primarily at the bottom of the foot. Massaging and pressing specific points on the soles of the feet associated with particular organs produces a therapeutic effect in corresponding parts of the body, helps stimulate activities of the inner organs and improves blood and lymph circulation.Reflexology using wood stick aided by massage cream and oil. We offer treatments designed to enhance the body and eliminate stress and tension – this is essential for over all well-being. Our mission is to provide a safe and inspiring space to help people of all ages and backgrounds discover the benefits of creating inner balance through therapeutic massage. All of our technicians are licensed professionals whose number one goal is to ensure your utmost satisfaction. Yes, yes, yes, yes. But no if you can't handle pain :)) I enjoy coming here. It is painful at times. The first part of the massage you literally have a therapist stepping all over you. It is painful especially on your lowers legs and upper arms. However, it feels EXTREMELY good on the back especially on big, painful knots. The second part is an amazing deep tissue massage where no muscle is forgotten. After I come here my entire body hurts for a few days after. Once the pain goes away I feel the difference and how my back indeed feels much better. After 7-10 days the pain comes back and I try to get another massage (I don't always come here though). I have been here a few times, most of the times waking in and never requested anyone in particular. All therapists I had were great. The technique and the way the massage is done is very similar and everyone was very good. They also have a punch card - get 1 massage free after every 10 massages. It is $70/hour without tip and it is worth every penny. Technicians are never lazy and they work real hard the entire time (no taking 5 minutes to bring a towel, walking in/out, or getting lazy just patting your back for a few minutes). I really enjoy the place and I can't wait to go back I think I can say with confidence that most Thai massages in the US would be not processed 100%. These types of extreme massages can't be administered to the full extent what authentic Thai massages can actually do. Is just too painful or better very uncomfortable and ones have to love the torture it brings to the table. Clients want to be comfortable and pampered (I do at least, lol). Typically, Thai massage is more rigorous than other forms, which also makes it more energizing. It is also referred to as Thai yoga massage because the massage therapist may use his or her arms, knees, and feet in addition to hands in order to manipulate the muscles through yoga-like movements. Some massage therapists may also use acupressure during sessions. The most amazing massage I've ever had! Coming from someone who gets massages regularly in different countries, I think that's saying a lot. There was some confusion when I arrived for my appt. like the yelp booking did not get logged into their appt book. But they had therapists available and I got in quickly. I got a 2 hr. full body massage and a 45 min. Head massage. Yok was amazing. So strong and intuitive. I will definitely be a regular each time I come to Tokyo for work each month! AD 1150: Evidence of massage abortion, involving the application of pressure to the pregnant abdomen, can be found in one of the bas reliefs decorating the temple of Angkor Wat in Cambodia. It depicts a demon performing such an abortion upon a woman who has been sent to the underworld. This is the oldest known visual representation of abortion.[12] There may be other possible adverse effects which need to be focussed upon, such as the risk of fracture due to rough massage. One example is a report from Malaysia on serious spine fracture resulting in spinal cord compression due to traditional massage (Malaysia is a country geographically close to Thailand and shares a few traditional medical practices).[5] There can also be neurological side effects due to massage and need investigation. Although there has never been any official report about this, the problem of brain hemorrhage in infants due to traditional massage applied to the mothers during pregnancy has been reported.[6,7] In fact, application of traditional massage to infants can directly cause testes hemorrhage and such other internal hemorrhages in infants.[8] Finally, the risk of embolism due to applying massage to carotid area needs to be mentioned.[9] This can be the cause of cardiac arrhythmias and cerebrovascular accidents[10] that can further result in sudden death (in the latest indexed case, this cannot be rule out to be a cause). It will be of interest to note that in the present clinical practice, there are no guidelines for the practitioners for history taking and monitoring of vital signs of the patient before, during and after massage.  Think of this like Asian vs Western style of parenting. You may be used to a lot of "Great job!" or "I'm proud of you" and even hugs, but this is more like Tiger Mom tough love. You get what you need, and sometimes what you need is a light ass kicking. You will walk out a better person, but the experience will not be 100% comfortable while in progress. However, one day, you may become a doctor, lawyer, or engineer because you've been tested by fire at the Thai Spa. They may go easy on you if you're good at tennis or piano. Our Chinese Massage techniques are a uniquely based on the theory of Chinese Traditional Medicine (CTM) and are developed specifically to provide relaxation through our Chinese "Tui Na, Deep Muscle Therapy, Head Massage, and Reflexology methods we offer. These treatments have not just a physical effect, but an emotional, as well as our clients, tell us about their experiences with our massages. Came here yesterday with my bachelorette party (8) ladies including myself for a massage after a day of hiking. Spoke with the owner a month before to reserve a time. The owner was very nice and accommodating and was able to fit us all in at the same time. I have to tell you my massage was the best in Hawaii. I left feeling very relax and refreshed. The owner was very nice and friendly, I am definitely coming back here when I'm back in Hawaii. Thank you for such an amazing massage. One of the reasons I like Siam and Judy in particular is she learns really well what works for your body. She will find tension in my shoulder and work on it without my saying anything. Also I found some Thai massages use significant pressure as a baseline and don't always deviate from it. Here, you can get a strong or a gentle massage depending on your preference. This is one of the best places to get a legitimate true authentic Thai massage I have been coming here for several years usually I start out with taking a steam shower I gave you shorts to wear it's not too cold inside which is good when having a massage the last thing you want to do is be freezing while laying half naked on the bed and yes I said bed this is how Thai massages is performed walking on you if you desire stretching and pressure what I prefer is what's called the Thai combination massage Because Thai massage is more rigorous than other forms of massage, it is more invigorating. The benefit of this is that you will walk away from your massage session feeling more energized. This is also a side-effect of relieving stress and increased circulation, but increased energy can also help you in other areas of your life, such as getting through slow afternoons at work. Massage therapists who have received specialized training and are certified in prenatal massage know how to position and support the woman's body during the massage, modify techniques, and avoid certain areas and techniques during pregnancy. Most will have a special table that allows the woman to rest comfortably and safely during the massage. Ideally, you should seek out a practitioner who is experienced and licensed in prenatal massage. During the massage, my masseuse was pretty professional, she used the right amount of pressure and always asked me If I ok. She recommended walking on my body gently, she has a lot of experience. After my massage my body felt very soft and relaxed. I asked her name which Tanya, I read a lot of good reviews from Tanya. I finally know why Tanya so popular unite I tried her massage!! During the 1930s and 1940s massage's influence decreased as a result of medical advancements of the time, while in the 1970s massage's influence grew once again with a notable rise among athletes.[10] Until the 1970s, nurses used massage to reduce pain and aid sleep.[21] The massage therapy industry is continuously increasing. In 2009, U.S. consumers spent between $4 and $6 billion on visits to massage therapists.[22] In 2015, research estimates that massage therapy was a $12.1 billion industry.[23] Promotional value expires 90 days after purchase. Amount paid never expires. Appointment required, 24 hour advance notice required. Valid from Mon - Fri 10 am - 4 pm. Limit 1 per person, may buy 3 additional as gift(s). Valid only for option purchased. New customers only. All goods or services must be used by the same person. Merchant is solely responsible to purchasers for the care and quality of the advertised goods and services. Therapeutic Thai Massage is the first authentic Thai Massage spa specializing in age-old Thai practices along with contemporary procedures. Thai massages alternate between assisted Yoga and acupressure. This combination will ensure a unique experience to every customer seeking relief from tight muscles, chronic tension and those looking to promote overall health throughout the entire body.  According to research done by the American Massage Therapy Association, as of 2012 in the United States there are between 280,000 and 320,000 massage therapists and massage school students.[114] As of 2011, there were more than 300 accredited massage schools and programs in the United States.[115] Most states have licensing requirements that must be met before a practitioner can use the title "massage therapist", and some states and municipalities require a license to practice any form of massage. If a state does not have any massage laws then a practitioner need not apply for a license with the state. However, the practitioner will need to check whether any local or county laws cover massage therapy. Training programs in the US are typically 500–1000 hours in length, and can award a certificate, diploma, or degree depending on the particular school.[116] There are around 1,300 programs training massage therapists in the country and study will often include anatomy and physiology, kinesiology, massage techniques, first aid and CPR, business, ethical and legal issues, and hands on practice along with continuing education requirements if regulated.[10] The Commission on Massage Therapy Accreditation (COMTA) is one of the organizations that works with massage schools in the U.S. and currently (Aug 2012) there are approximately 300 schools that are accredited through this agency. Thai New York Spa & Salon in Astoria, Queens invites you to escape the city and experience pure tranquility in our relaxing spa. We encourage you to try our signature treatment, an Authentic Thai Massage. Our goal is to provide you with the finest treatments at affordable prices. Popular services include deep tissue massages, facials, Brazilian Keratin hair straightening, manicures & pedicures, Swedish massages and waxing treatments.  On the last day of a birthday trip to Vegas I was feeling a little sore and strung out from all of the partying. I couldn't think of a better way to feel rejuvenated and relax before my evening flight. A friendly, professional, very thorough couples Thai massage for $140/hr The establishment was comfortable, clean and relaxing. Was worth every penny and I'll be back on the next Las Vegas getaway.  I was pretty excited to visit Erawan based on the great reviews it received.  However, the masseuse… I was pretty excited to visit Erawan based on the great reviews it received.  However, the masseuse twisted my neck too hard (or in a wrong way?) during one of the Thai massage stretches.  I woke up the next day with a ton of neck soreness, but I tried to shrug it off as normal post-massage soreness.  But ever since the day after until now (5 days later), the pain has been excruciating and I've barely been able to move my neck.  To make matters worse, I was here in Japan for my honeymoon so it made it really hard for me to enjoy the week.  Visitors beware! Read more The cost of a Thai massage will really depend on where it is you go. You can get an amazing, one-hour Thai massage for ฿200 (about $6), but the salon itself might be less than luxurious. You can opt for one of the more expensive options, with the same massage, for upwards of ฿500 (about $15). While tipping is not necessarily a custom here in Thailand, we do recommend you tip your masseuse. The massages are incredibly cheap, and these people’s jobs are simply exhausting. The massage started off rather mediocre, kind of like a first blind date where you don't expect much. We talked the whole time, and I was totally fine with that, and about 30 minutes in I thought - meh, nothing great. She started working towards my legs, but I had told her in the beginning that my shoulders were the culprit of my pain for over a month. Mid conversation I politely asked to refocus on my shoulders and THAT'S when the magic happened. She worked them bad boys like a scorned ex gf. I'm hurting today, but I feel so much better. Granted, not ALL my pain is gone, but I feel much more comfortable going through my day today. This place can be heavenly with the right massage therapist!!! My body tends to be tight and I really need that deep tissue, good pain that comes from very strong pressure, which is why I seek Thai body massage. Anna is absolutely amazing, excellent at deep tissue/ strong pressure massage--a true healer. Anna likes to help people feel better and her intuitive massage skills, vibe and words confirm this. Anna is very strong and called herself a "knot buster," which is wonderful and true! She found knots and sore spots and broke them. I feel so much better in my body. I've been to her a few times and left very happy and satisfied each time. If you don't like intense pressure and pain therefrom, Marisa is better for you. One day I got a Groupon (15 min foot, 60 min thai body massage, and steam room access) and went to book with someone Yelp said did deep tissue well, rainy, because Anna wasn't available. I booked with rainy but was given Marisa, whose massage was nice but gentler and did not meet my expectations for extreme deep pressure and good therapeutic pain from tension dissolving in knots. I later found out if you're asked if you prefer a male or female massage therapist at check in, when you already booked a particular person online, then you won't be getting who you requested, so double check who you're getting if that happens to you if you're expecting to get a specified massage therapist. After I expressed I didn't feel satisfied from that massage with Marisa because I needed more pressure, the owner / manager was extremely concerned that I was disappointed by a gentler massage and enticed me to come back to get the type of massage my body needed! I've been to well over 100 different massage places and Siam orchid Thai massage has the best customer service. No proprietor has ever been so concerned or kind after my experience was not great. I am very impressed and appreciate them. The foot massage was gentler, not like some other places where I start to sweat from the pain/stimulation of imbalanced acupressure points. Super relaxing and firm(not ticklish). The ambience is very nice, all wooden with orchids with incense or candles scent wafting about and steam coming out of a humidifier in the hallway. The room itself for massage is nice: private, spacious with relaxing zen music playing. You don't really hear any other movement or customers in the hallway. Very tranquil ambience. They pay attention to cute and chill details. You get some loose pajamas to wear. If you can, I recommend the steam room access. After the massage you bring your stuff to the back where the steam room is. Looked clean. There are locks and lockers to stow your belongings. I noticed they had flat iron and curling iron to touch up your hair.  I'd been in Tokyo, Japan for four days and have done extensive walking. I had been feeling pain to my feet and hip.  I finally decided to Yelp a place and saw good reviews. I made my appointment through Yelp. Make sure you give them the day, time, name and type of service on your first communication. It's helpful...I finally came here and felt so much more flexible and the pain on my hip is gone. My feet may require rest to not feel anything but certainly feel so much better. The staff is wonderful and are very careful with the stretches they do. I highly recommend to make the trip here. Is worth it!  Anyway, the Elder is at the top of the silo, not the Bosses. In fact, the bosses should all be separate and somewhere among the people. This is just an image of the Ark Sheet using the snipping tool, which is why you can't adjust it there. But it can be fixed pretty easily by changing the Ark.doc and snipping a new image and overwriting the last image. Bithumb has announced in a Tweet today that it will add five new cryptocurrencies to their trading lineup which may result in trading price spikes for all. One of the largest South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges Bithumb took to Twitter earlier to let its over 200,000 followers know that they have added five new coins today. The newly listed coins are TenX(PAY), WAX(WAX), Power Ledger(POWR), Loopring(LRC), Gifto(GTO). TenX(PAY) is the issuer of a cryptocurrency debit card that enables users access to multiple virtual currencies across different blockchains which the companies calls “the accessory you want to have on all your travels.” Wax(WAX) is a decentralized platform that enables 400+ million gamers to operate virtual marketplaces according to their company description. Loopring(LRC) Loopring is an opened source protocol based on smart contracts for decentralized exchanges on the Ethereum blockchain. Power Ledger(POWR) is an Australian blockchain-based cryptocurrency and energy trading platform that allows for decentralized selling and buying of renewable energy. In the past Bithumb adding a coin to its exchange has resulted in some dramatic price spikes. In April OmiseGo was integrated into the Bithumb trading platform while getting additional support in the form of an airdrop by the exchange. The move triggered an 18.54% increase in the OMG coin trading price in 24 hours. Other coins have had similar boosts from being listed on the South Korean exchange. TRON’s TRX coin went from trading at $.03 to $.05 two hours after Bithumb listed it, though an increase of two cents doesn’t sound like much the jump in value works out at a $1.2 billion increase to its total value. In March the exchange launched an airdrop campaign to kick off it’s listing of ICON (ICX). Demand for ICON skyrocketed in 24 hours when the trading volume of the cryptocurrency picked up from $53 million to $160 million, in approximately four hours. With results like these in the past matched with exciting companies behind the newly listed coins like TenX and Power Ledger Reddit posters are chiming in on the move. “LRC and POWR deserve it, great projects!” Timknows wrote; possibly referring to the egalitarian motivation behind Power Ledger’s peer to peer energy sharing platform and the good work Loopring is doing with smart contracts. This month’s show benefits Homeward Bound. Special WNC Solidarity New Year’s Eve Concert WNC Solidarity Concert Series is the collaboration of WNC-based musicians. Ensembles will perform a benefit concert to fundraise for WNC non-profits. The music performed each week will fluctuate between, jazz, rhythm & blues, soul, jazz funk, jazz fusion, and swing. Each event will host […]	 This month’s show benefits Quutopia Act I – Ruth Cooney Quintet (Joni Mitchell Tribute) Act II – Alina Quu and Friends WNC Solidarity Concert Series is the collaboration of WNC-based musicians. Ensembles will perform a benefit concert to fundraise for WNC non-profits. The music performed each week will fluctuate between, jazz, rhythm & blues, soul, jazz funk, […]	 This month’s show benefits Helpmate. Act I – Rita Hayes Quartet Act II – Jonathan Pearlman Quartet WNC Solidarity Concert Series is the collaboration of WNC-based musicians. Ensembles will perform a benefit concert to fundraise for WNC non-profits. The music performed each week will fluctuate between, jazz, rhythm & blues, soul, jazz funk, jazz fusion, and […]	 Join us for this very special event to officially welcome Chef Velvet to THE BLOCK off biltmore. This Official Pride Event will feature recording artists/actors Monifah and Ayanna Gregory, as well as live painting by Gemynii. Dance, dance, dance with DJ Migo at the After Party from 12am to 2 am. Awesome vegan food will […]	 We wanted to give you a chance to get to know Chef Velvet “Chef V” as we gear up for her formal welcoming party – the Official Pride Event on September 30th. Don’t miss this exciting event with recording artists Monifah and Ayanna Gregory, plus live art with Gemynii, and surprise guests. Read on to […]	 25 When he raiseth up himself, the mighty are afraid: by reason of breakings they purify themselves. On Monday, August 11th, 2014 our family was gifted the most precious blessing from the LORD; her name is Nora Catherine Haynes. I was able to be there for her exciting arrival and that, too, was SUCH a gift!! I'm going to chart her birth story from my perspective ... We love you Nora Cate!! So Rach has been in "pre-term labor" for weeks really. The day the kids and I arrived in Little Rock for our summer visit, July 11, she was put on bed rest because she had already started to progress and she was having regular contractions. So the next week she did "bed rest", followed by the next week on "house rest" and the next week on "mild activity rest." I had not-so-secretly hoped Nora would be born the last week we were home, but no such luck. We drove back to Pennsylvania on August 1 and I really was super upset about thinking of missing her sweet arrival. I was planning to come early September to meet the baby love, and I thought that would hold me over. That was until my mom called me on Sunday (August 10). We had had a normal Sunday: church, church picnic, rest time and the kids were outside playing when I answered the phone to a excited mom saying "well, I'm jumping in the shower because Rachel says we're having a baby today!" I couldn't even get excited (totally unlike me) I was just immediately devastated of the realization I was going to miss my niece being born!! I texted Aaron who was downstairs on the couch (is that weird? I hope not. We constantly text each other when we're on other sides of the house. Oops). He eventually came upstairs where I was laying in my bed moping, perhaps mildly dramatic. I kinda cried talking about hating being so far away from my family and about missing this huge event. I just really wasn't prepared for it to be so hard! I bawled and squawled and squealed and I threw the most random things in a bag. He was following me around my room saying "I don't think you understand how serious I was when I said 'eight minutes!" as I was trying to throw jewelry in a bag. I mean ... Bangles are up there with my toothbrush when it comes to packing, y'all. Duh. He handed me my boarding passes and I flew out the door, grabbing babies faces for smooches as I ran to my car. I literally left them all wide eyed in the drive way asking "where is mommy going?" Not gonna lie, I felt pretty bad about that. But I sped on. I called my Aunt Tamra on the way to the airport to see if she could secretly pick me up from the airport and she of course said she absolutely would. I flew out of Elmira at 5:10pm (after getting there at 4:59) and arrived in Little Rock at 10:30pm ... Craziness. I still can't believe I made it! They stopped boarding at 5:02 and I rolled up to the gate at 4:59 where they rushed up to me asking, "Boone? Are you Boone?" Y'all, I had seriously rolled out of my pity-party bed where I'd been napping! Look at me ... Bahaha. I crack up every time I see this pic! Totally humbling myself to post it ... but I think it shows that there was not a minute to spare!! I was talking to Mom and SB during my layover for details on Rach (pretending to be at home!) but PRAYING this was the real deal and that I didn't just jet-set to Little Rock for false labor. Rachel had gone in at 4am Sunday with contractions and several "labor signs" however the hospital wouldn't admit her until her contractions were less than 5 minutes apart (hers were more like 10-12) or until she had progressed a little further. So she went back to labor at home. She was in a lot of pain and the contractions were getting closer together as the afternoon dragged on. By 8:30 that night her contractions were about 6 minutes apart and she was in even more pain. So they went back to the hospital again. She still wasn't as progressed as they wanted her even though the contractions were now 3-4 minutes apart and so they watched her for a couple hours but WOULD NOT ADMIT HER!! That's right, at 10:30 (right after Aunt Tamra and Asa picked me up from the airport) she texted that they were sending the girl home. We could. not. believe. it!! I went ahead and called Mom and Sarah Baker telling them I was in town because I thought I was going to need to go to Mom's to spend the night. The conversations filling them in were so fun and exciting and hilarious. My favorite part was calling SB and talking about them sending her home before I finally said, "well, I have a little surprise." And she said, "what?" And I said, "I'm in Aunt Tamra's car (crickets). With Asa and Aunt Tamra (more crickets)." I'm in Little Rock!" SB: "Whatttttt?!?! I was sitting here trying to figure out why Aunt Tamra's car was in Pennsylvania!" God bless her. We were waiting to hear Ben and Rachel's latest update ... Then we got a text: they had stopped to get something to eat from the food court and Rachel said they were backing out of the parking deck when she started praying out loud, "Lord, will you please just let my water break if I'm supposed to stay here? I do not feel good about going home, and I'm hurting and ... " POP, her water broke!!! Ben screeched back into their parking spot, flying past his parents who were so confused, and they high-tailed it back inside. It was pretty rough the first few hours. Rachel was in a lot of pain; she was really upset and exhausted from laboring since 4 am (now 11pm). Mom and Sarah Baker picked me up at Aunt Tamra's; Asa jumped in with Dad and Emerson with Mimi and Grandaddy following behind and we rushed up to UAMS. When we got to the hospital everyone was in the waiting room but no one had gone back to see Rach. She was not in good shape. The anesthesiologist was no where to be found and the girl NEEDED an epidural. She was in such a pain-coma that she didn't even RECOGNIZE me! Dead serious. She thought I was Mom! About five minutes later (through gritted teeth) she looked at me and said "what the heck are you doing here?!?!" But, I couldn't even laugh because I knew she was hurting so much! FINALLY she was able to get an epidural and get some relief, but she still felt awful and continued to have a pretty rough night. I'll say this: After having three babies, I feel like her birth process could have possibly been worse than all three of mine combined. It was just that bad. They never put her on Pitocin (a drug that helps to speed up labor) and so it really moved pretty slowly. Nora's heart rate dropped a couple times extremely low and it was just constantly eventful to say the least. Around four Monday morning she was getting extra sleepy (poor thing) and so Mom, SB and I went back into the room with her. We all kinda snuggled into the big chairs and couches and zonked out for about an hour. Then a little after 5:30am a CREW of doctors and nurses came in and were breaking apart the bed, flipping on the "showtime" lights and saying "it's time to push!" Rachel and Ben had asked Mom, Sarah Baker and I to stay in there while she had the baby! (I cry every time I think about it. It is still the biggest honor that she wanted us in there!) So, Sarah Baker and I each were helping by holding a leg; Ben stood up by her face coaching her on and Mom was practically praying in tongues between us. Oh, and because UAMS is a teaching hospital there were about 20 med students, etc in there too. Not awkward at all ... Um, yeah right. (Rachel had thyroid cancer in high school and so saw a high-risk doctor throughout her pregnancy. Because of that she delivered at UAMS because that's where he delivers ... Not gonna lie, it was a pretty different experience from delivering at Baptist Hospital like Sarah Baker and I did. Yikes.) She pushed for about twenty minutes before they decided she needed to wait a little longer. The nurses propped her bed up in a way to see if gravity would pull the baby down a little before trying to push again. We waited about 30 more minutes before they came back in and Rachel started again. It was really agonizing. She was not feeling well for a million reasons,one being they really had over-medicated her so she could barely keep her eyes open (not to MENTION the child had been awake for about 27 hours) and it's just a highly intense and stressful situation. We were all coaching her on when she was frustrated and not sure she could do it! It was the most amazing moment ever. Really. I'm covered in goosebumps even typing about it. Rachel did so great and Nora Cate is so perfect and I just could NOT be more proud or even more HUMBLED and BLESSED that I got to be there for such a special moment. It was seriously just precious and I don't think I could ever forget it. Praising Jesus for a husband that made it possible for me to be there ... I literally cried about it for days. For reals. Around noon we finally went back to Mom's to take showers and nap for a couple hours. Mom and I ended up going to dinner before going back to the hospital. I am just so, so, so happy when I'm back in Little Rock and with my people. I am happy, content and feel very loved in Pennsylvania, but home is just ... Home. And I miss it. Mmm ... Can't you just smell her? There is NOTHING like a new baby. And this new baby is extra special. Also, how stinkin' sweet is it that she looks just like her mommy?! Those lips? So Rachel!! Nora Cate and her parents were discharged the next morning so we went up to help them get packed up and leave. I just can't handle her sweetness!!!! Agh!!!! My arms are literally aching to hold her right this minute! Her cousins, Noah and Hallie Grace, came by to meet her. Noah was the funniest thing- such a big boy! Hallie Grace was not sure what to think about this new tiny child taking center stage so she decided to start taking steps to regain the spotlight- it worked! Unfortunately, all good things come to an end ... and Wednesday morning I had to leave Miss Nora Cate and the rest of the fam. Ben was a little concerned about not having me there to do the swaddles so he made me unwrap her and re-swaddle so he could video- so funny. I really, really don't think it's ever been harder to leave Arkansas than it was this time. I literally cried all day. I just miss my people so much and these babies make it SO much harder. The thought that in a few months she'll be a totally different baby is just gut-wrenching (yep, crying again). THANKFULLY, text messaging and FaceTime lets me see her sweet face daily ... so I don't have to miss things like her first doctors appointment/outing ... Or just updates of when Rachel wants to send me a "Can you handle this cuteness, because I can't." text. Which hopefully is at LEAST hourly (hint-hint, Rachel). And p.s. the answer is No, no I can NOT handle this cuteness. And I'm counting down to when I can hold her sweet self again. We truly felt like the Lord went before and after us with Nora's arrival ... it was just a HOLY time! We were thankful for "little" things that were huge to us, like my dad being in town when he was leaving for a week the next day. He'd almost canceled his trip twice scared he'd miss the big day! To me getting to fly in and MAKE it ... oh my goodness. Also, allowing Rachel's water to break while still AT the hospital ... craziness. AMAZING nurses that we had been praying over for months, a natural birth, no petocin, and just all being able to be together and praying over Rachel for hours on end. It was just so special and so sacred and something that God made so perfect. We were so blessed and thankful for the gracious and GOOD work He did on August 11. We will be ETERNALLY thankful for every moment. Imperfect child to a Perfect God, wife to Aaron, and mommy to three precious babies Avery (5), Dalton (4) and Sawyer (2). I can honestly say this is both the most rewarding and challenging season of my life thus far. I'm hoping that when these days that seem to creep along, catch up with the years that are flying by, I'll have lots of fun memories stored up.My entry for the Buccaneer Blogfest can be found here. And before I get to my Hangers, I'd like to say thanks for all the comments on my Hookers, I'm glad people enjoyed my first line. So now here are my hangers: I knew my best bet for getting her laid would be in a strip club where money came first and dignity was a distant second. She smiled at my sarcasm and bid me goodbye as I left her office and went back to the tenth floor and the folder of tasks I had to get cracking on. One, that I was among the small population of necromancers who carried the very illegal ability to reanimate the dead, and two that Micah was the only person who knew that. “My body is alive,” he said, blue eyes fixed on me as though he was willing me to believe him. “I’m just not the one walking around in it.” He held me for a little while longer and when we let go, he gently touched my cheek, then headed to his car. I pounded my fist against the closed elevator door and screamed, feeling angry and frustrated and devastated. I would have laughed at her attempt to side with me under the fear that I’d do what Larry did, but this was one situation even I couldn’t find the humor in. “Show me how you play this game, Ethan,” I said. “Yelling and cursing at it seems to have helped you these last few days. I want in.” They're all great, but this is my favorite: But, you know, running around the city with Ethan in pursuit of his stolen body could be fun too. I like 1, 4, and the second to last one. These are great! It definitely makes me want to check out the rest of the book! This one takes the cake, "I knew my best bet for getting her laid would be in a strip club where money came first and dignity was a distant second." The others were great, but this one sold me! #1 is AWESOME. But the one about the panties is... I really love getting a sense of your story and characters. This is so awesome. Thanks for participating!!! I have to tell you that I was randomly clicking through the blogfest participants casually reading and was not expecting your first line. It kind of hit me over the head. Really good. Select the XBRL icon to open the full XBRL Filing in S&P's XBRL Reader. Select the XML icon to download the raw xml feed, to open in another reader. Note: This document was filed with the SEC in XBRL format, as allowed by the recent EDGAR system modernization. S&P cannot take responsibility for its appearance, layout, or legibility. The investor relations site ("Site") with which this document is associated is maintained by S&P Global Market Intelligence ("S&P") on behalf of the organization featured on the Site (S&P's "Client"). These Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms of Use") set forth the terms on which you may use the Site, and the information and materials contained therein (the "Contents"). By using the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to use the Site or Contents in any manner, and you should immediately discontinue any use of the Site or the Contents. S&P and/or its Client shall have the right at any time to modify or discontinue any aspect of the Site or any part of the Contents. S&P may also modify these Terms of Use without notice. You agree to monitor these Terms of Use, and to cease all access or use of the Site if you no longer agree to abide by the Terms of Use. Your continued use of the Site shall constitute acceptance of such modification. S&P and the Client grant to you a limited, personal license to access the Site and to access and download the Contents, but only for your own personal, family and household use. You may not use, reproduce, distribute or display any portion of the Site for any other purpose, including without limit any commercial purpose. You may use the Site and the Contents for lawful purposes only. S&P and Client reserve all rights not expressly granted, including the right to terminate your use of the Site without notice. The Site contains copyrighted material, trademarks and service marks, and other proprietary information, including but not limited to text, software, and graphics, which materials are owned by S&P and/or its Client. S&P and Client reserve all rights in the Contents. You agree not to reproduce, distribute, sell, broadcast, publish, retransmit, disseminate, circulate or commercially exploit the Site or the Contents without the express written consent of S&P and the Client. You agree to access the Contents and the Site manually, by request, and not automatically, through the use of a program, or other means. You agree not to take any action, alone or with others, that would interfere with the operation of the Site, to alter the Site in any way, or to impede others' access to and freedom to enjoy and use the Site as made available by S&P and S&P’s Client. It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any of the Contents available on the Site. Please seek the advice of professionals regarding the evaluation of any of the information on the Site. The Site does not represent an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security. These Terms of Use are the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter, and it can be amended only via written agreement by S&P. These terms and conditions shall be governed by the law of New York, without regard to principals of conflicts or choice of laws.Free downloadable band plans layouts ready to print in pdf format by C.Gustave Sandberg W1CGS, band plans are updated to 2007. The Considerate Operator's Guide shows frequencies generally recognized for certain modes or activities (all frequencies are in MHz). Ari Milano draw and keep updated these pdf files representing the "radioamatori" bandplan, with notes in italian Formed in 1955 is an incorporated Amateur Radio club dedicated to the promotion of DX information and operating by members residing in the Willamette Valley and Southwest Washington. Calnet a multi repeater amateur radio system serving most of California and parts of Nevada. The Calnet system consists of numerous fulltime linked 440 MHz repeaters connecting San Diego to San Francisco and Lake Tahoe.I am a certified travel agent, I love to travel, and I love to help people with their vacation needs. I absolutely love the travel business! I specialize in high end, all-inclusive details for my amazing clients! I specialize in lovely honeymoons, family vacations, and groups. It might be an all-inclusive, a Disney Vacation, a cruise, or a European Tour. I am involved in several networking groups such as BNI, Ladies Who Launch, EWomenNetwork, Franklin Williamson County of Chamber of Commerce, Accelerated Networking of Williamson County, and other awesome groups. Contact me for more information. Amazon has this Lifetime Commercial Height 4-Foot Adjustable Folding Utility Table for just $34 (regularly $51.90)!br101.org by br101.org is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.5 Brazil License.how to keep animals out of your attic 9 steps with pictures, mouse in the attic humane removal of mice your house, how to get rid of mouse in attic,how to get mice out of the attic , rat mouse trapping removal and control, humanely deterring pests from your attic in 5 steps, will repellents get a rodent out of the attic, eight ways to get rid of mice, how to get mice out of walls rat removal from house attic ceiling, rats in the attic how do you get out of.Gizinger OA, Frantseva OV. Normalizing the effects of low-intensity laser radiation in relation to the functional and metabolic status of neutrophils in semen and kinetic features of sperm in patients with chlamydial infection. Ross J Immunol. 2016 2(1): 9-11. [Google Scholar] Mazo EB, Siluyanov KA. Application of low-intensity laser radiation in the complex treatment of men with secretory infertility. Farmateka, 2008; 9: 44-7. [Google Scholar] Siluyanov KA. Low-intensity laser irradiation in complex treatment of patients with secretory infertility. [Abstract of the thesis]. Moscow, 2007. [Google Scholar] Kalinina SN. Inflammatory diseases of additional sex glands in men, caused by urogenital latent infection and complicated by infertility. [Abstract of the thesis]. Saint Petersburg, 2003. [Google Scholar] Agaev AA. The use of acu-and laser puncture in combination with balneo and peloid therapy in men with impaired fertility caused by nonspecific inflammatory diseases of the genital organs. [Thesis]. Pytigorsk,1998. [Google Scholar] Slonimskiy BYu. Features of the blood supply to the penis in the patients with obesity and reproductive dysfunction at the use of the developed complex program and its individual components. J New Med Technol. eEdition. 2013; 1: 155. [Google Scholar] The effects of centrifugation, various synthetic media and temperature on the motility and vitality of human spermatozoa   H   alloween marcou o fim do lote um, onde primeiro crescemos juntos e salvamos um pedaço de terra fragmentado. Cavamos quatro toneladas de terra e duas cargas de estrume de vaca. Nós cavamos skipfulls de tijolos e vidro e dinheiro. Nós desenterramos um guarida antibombas e o amianto que veio com ele. Mas, ah, ela cresceu, nosso primeiro lote de terra. Desencadeado, desperto, finalmente vivo, como se esperasse ser queridoThis website is currently conducting old website redesign, the services provided will be temporarily adjusted during the redesign period, please forgive us for the inconveniences caused.The new edition of this essential pocket guide covers the whole of clinical dentistry in a concise format. The authors have distilled the key elements of clinical practice into a readily accessible book, with blank pages provided for readers to add theirSpacesim is a non-profit organization that is dedicated to teaching people about space, as well as fostering a love and respect of the "final frontier." Explore our site to learn more about Spacesim, and we hope you enjoy your visit.TOMORROW AT 11:00AM LIVE STREAMING ON WSK.IT.STARTING GRIDS READY AT THE CIRCUIT OF LA CONCA.After the qualifying heats, there are great expectations for tomorrow’s races. There are definitely going to be heated races, even though we are only at the ...Practical Restoration Reports and books are a detailed technical series on preservation topics packed with practical methods you can use now. “Based on years of extensive research and field application, each is put together with John’s trademark hands-on, step-by-step instructions and famously lucid illustrations. …photos in particular are marvels of clarity and veracity…” – Gordon Bock, Editor-in-Chief, Old-House Journal “I’ve appreciated the reliable information and understanding you provide–we particularly appreciated the report on Steam Paint Removal which we found to be enthusiastically, and well written and informative.” – Jeff, woodwork contractor, Chicago “Thanks, John – I wouldn’t have know where to start on my porch columns without your Restoration Report. Your experience and advice took all the mystery out of the project, and helped so much. Thank goodness for your reports!” – Cindy Nelson, Homeowner, Montana “This is a great book for all levels of working on windows. Mr. Leeke has put everything together in a clear, easy to follow book. I felt like Mr. Leeke was looking over my shoulder and giving me tips.” – Marion Rood, Woodworker “Your Practical Restoration Report is really superb. It is the best thing I’ve seen on the subject. It’s clearly written, not overly technical and easy to understand.” – Roger Reed, Maine Historic Preservation Commission “I landed the contract because your Reports gave me the insight and confidence needed to explain the project to the clients. They said I was the only contractor to give them any hope that the job could be done. Your reports are most informative and concise. I’m very impressed!” – James A. McGrath, Contractor, Eggleston, VA “Practical Restoration Reports are short, non-technical, and well illustrated…For the building owner, contractor, or architect with a need for solid working information about both what to do and how to do it, they are economical and useful.” – Allen Charles Hill, Architect, Winchester, MA Publications are printed in 8.5″ x 11″ perfect-bound (paperback) book format or stapled booklets with color covers and black & white interior contents. Delivery may take 2 to 3 weeks. Typical delivery cost is $6 to $9 via US Postal Service, Media Mail, ground, to the USA. International delivery available at higher cost. Need it right now? You can now get some topics as immediate digital downloads. Check it out here: Immediate Digital Downloads To Order online: Click “Add to Cart” and “View Cart” below to purchase the reports online via PayPal, or with your credit card. To Order by phone: If you’d like to talk with a real person, I guarantee that I am one. Just give me a call at 207 773-2306. Leave your number if you get my message machine and I’ll call back to take your order. Payment by check. If you are ordering many publications for an event, place your order at least 30 days in advance, and let me know the date of your event. Figure 62. Removing Sash. If the sash is still stuck use a “Window Zipper” tool. Lay the bottom of the tool flat on the face of the sash stile. The bottom is smooth and flat so it will not scratch the face of the sash. Covers traditional methods and the latest in modern high-tech materials and techniques. Learn how to avoid falling under the spell of the window replacement salesman. Specific step-by-step repair and maintenance treatments. Window project profiles. National directory of 200+ window specialists who will save your windows and not try to sell you replacements. Reprints of five window chapters from 19th and early 20th century trades manuals. This is the new 2013 edition with many revisions, an all new chapter on sash glazing and painting; and an expanded directory with hundreds of window specialists, some in every state. 177 pages, 257 illustrations. (color cover, black & white inside, paperback bound) Order this compilation of seven reports in one handy paperback volume. Several of the reports are no longer available as separate booklets. The decayed wood has been removed from this wood shutter. Liquid epoxy consolidant is applied, which will act as a primer for epoxy paste filler that will be applied next. Wood-Epoxy Repairs for Exterior Woodwork. Stabilize and save deteriorated exterior woodwork with long-lasting wood-epoxy repairs. Restore and strengthen deteriorated wood by applying liquid epoxy resins which solidify within the wood and fill voids. Wood-epoxy repairs complement traditional repair methods and modern part replacement. They save time and money when you know how and where to use them. This report covers how wood decays, epoxy materials and methods, tool kits, safety, and alternate materials and methods. 33 illustrations, 3 methods, 1 step-by-step procedure, 31 pages, (color cover, black & white inside, paperback bound). Heavy paint buildup on this carved wooden column capital is softened by steam and removed with careful scraping. Steam paint removal softens the paint film so it can be more easily scraped away. It works well with the heavy paint buildup commonly found on the wooden exteriors of older buildings during house restoration and historic preservation projects. It can also be used on interior paint and on window maintenance and repairs. Report covers methods, techniques, equipment, sources, making custom steam heads and profiles three steam paint removal projects. 21 pages, 23 illustrations, 2 step-by-step methods (color cover, black & white inside) I watched your video on the paint removal techniques. My home was build in the mid 20’s. I have replaced all windows with energy efficient ones. However, the doors throughout the house are wood. I started to strip one two days ago via chemical stripping. With progress being exceeding slow I got on line to check out other methods and found your site. Having several coats to strip away, the small areas where the wood is exposed got me excited. Beautiful wood to covered with paint. The Steam Paint Removal booklet is only available in print. Give me a call at 207 773-2306, and I’d be happy to send you a print copy. Greetings from Michigan. I am coordinating a 9 week, yes 9 week, Preservation and job training program on behalf of the Michigan Historic Preservation Network. As with the 2 week Wood Window Rehabilitation workshops that we started in 2009, I would like to provide our 10 participants with a copy of your Compendium. Do you have any price break if we were to order say 20? I was wondering if you have any experience with 100 year old cedar shake siding? I am currently taking the old aluminum siding off and finding face nailed and nails from the aluminum in my 100 year old cedar shakes. Wondering if this is worth trying to save since my house is listed on the National Historic Register as a contributing home. Trying to bring her glory back. and I’ll respond in detail there. If you can post some photos at the Forum I’ll be able to help you decide if the shakes are worth saving. I am curious how much the steam equipment would cost to purchase as I have a house with peeling paint problems both inside and out ie, gyprock sheeting inside and hardwood chamfer boards outside. I live in Brisbane, Qld Australia.Is there an outlet or supplier based anywhere near where I live ? I hope to get a reply from you as your equipment looks a better option then other equipment I have seen. Thanks JohnDeceased 31-year old Puerto Rican, Henry Rosario Martinez, has one of the most unusual requests from his loved ones prior to his death. He asked them that they dress his embalmed body in his usual attire and sunglass and be sat upright at a poker table with friends and family for one last time. Henry passed away last Jan. 19 in Baceloneta, his hometown located north of Puerto Rico. Alcohol intake mixed with prescription medications had contributed to the cause of his death. However, speculations by the local media hinted of suicide, though this was not made as the official cause of death. The deceased's loved ones, even though the request of their dearly departed was squeamishly strange, fulfilled his final request by dressing him with his usual street clothes and topped off with a sunglass. He was then sat upright in the middle of the poker table with which friends, family, and loved ones, sat alongside him as though they were really playing a poker game. The UK Newspaper, The Sun, wrote: "Henry's father contacted Jose Mendelez - the owner Eterna Luz funeral service, to ask him to embalm and prepare the body of his son so that he could be sat at a poker table (instead of a coffin) before his burial." The Sun reported that the deceased loved reggae music and rooster fighting as well as gambling. To fulfill his final request, even though Henry was reported to love playing slots, his friends have decided to go with poker instead. At the table, the departed had poker chips and a game dealt, with his cards placed in his hand. The funeral home owner even said that this custom of embalming bodies and placing them in a position where it looks like they are doing something or engaged in an activity that they enjoyed when they were still alive, is something they take as normal in Puerto Rico. The news of this unusual event has created a stir as the story of the dead man in a poker game gave new meaning to the poker term "dead man's hand." So they replayed the whole Weekend at Bernie's scenario but with a poker table. How original, how creepy, how odd. Wow! Can you imagine! His play must have been prettttttty slow... And imagine the grief he would get for playing so slowly. I bet, another way of looking at it would be that he folded every round as he kept getting dealt dead hands. I don't fancy this game! lol, he must have really loved poker a lot to do that. When I see the cause of death though, I can't help but think "why do people drink alcohol and take medication at same time?" Every doctor will tell you how dangerous it is. Pills can do more harm than good, especially mood-alterring pills. (IMO they shouldnt even exist, ppl on anti-depressors look like zombies) Or poker addict. Maybe he already boring to remember his sweet memories and boring to pray ask mercy from God. Would he upset when get bad beat ? just made his friend and family sad. I don't believe he enjoyed. If this whole thing made it into the last will by him then he probably did not do it out of spite or because he was an addict IMO. Well this was taking the love to the game to another level but this table was not the right one for me First they where slow playing since the start ;second the betting was pretty "dead" and at last but not least was a creepy enviroment surrounding the table If I was a judge and the appeared in my count they would be going away to a small room with bars for the maximum time I could sent them for. Again; deep catholic latino countries have really interesting realtion with death itself, their funeral habits mirroring this too. I am not sure the above story is something unheard f there.Taylor is a kinky bitch Kinky sister masturbating in bath tube. A truly impressive collection of spy cam bathroom XXX videos which will provide access to amateur women when in their private moments of changing clothes, showering or even masturbating! Upskirts voyeur Voyeur 10 upskirt girl sitting at doorstep 3: Homemade amateur cam Hot wife fucks his boss Reallifecam Voyeur 8: Videos De Brasileiras Dads And Girls Key Porn Tube One Tube Sex To leave this website click here. Orange XXX Tube Grade Up Tube By entering this site, you certify that you are 18 years or older and, if required in the locality where you view this site, 21 years or older, that you have voluntarily come to this site in order to view sexually explicit material. Benigna. Age: 26. Iґm a woman who loves a comfortable lifestyle, spicing up life with romance and the naughtiness of every new encounter. My wife loves to flash her bare ass and pussy both at home and when we go to bars. Sometimes she gers completely naked. I always have a hard on ! I think I feel just as angry when I see Fox News talk about video games. They do some of the things bad sex ed teachers do to lying trying, to scare people and more lying. Makes me so mad! gorgeous tits for such an old woman. if she were my neighbor, I would spoil both of us mount her daily. I’m going to take a risk that another paper about Marmorkrebs is not going to come to my attention in the next three days. I admit to being a little disappointed, because I thought around this time last year that the line would be continuing an upward trend, rather than staying flat. A new journal is a tricky thing to get up and running, so I am pleased to plug Invertebrate Rearing. Editor Ed Baker is getting the first issue ready to go, and you can still get something in for the first issue if you submit by 10 January 2010. This journal may have in an unfilled niche in the realm of animal care professionals. My impression is that most of the journals in this field tend to focus mammals or fish, with those working on fish usually having a strong aquaculture emphasis rather than research. There has been plenty of reason to discuss the pet trade on this blog, mainly in the context of accidental release of unwanted pets like crayfish. It is just as important to realize, however, that there are also problems at the other end of the pet trade pipeline. For that reason, I wanted to put in a quick pointer to a new article on invertebrate collection for the pet trade. You can also find a brief summary at the Conservation Maven blog. One of my students informed me that she’d seen a crayfish in a recent issue of news stand favourite, Cosmopolitan.* This got me thinking about the kind of articles that might be accompanying the photo... * I was unable to get a copy of the original picture, because I was not comfortable reading through every page of Cosmo while standing in the line at Wal-Mart. Just a quick pointer to the Wild Muse blog, which has a nifty story about Native American legends about crayfish in Crater Lake, and the real species living there. I’ve updated the web page listing North American laws on crayfish to include all the Canadian provinces. It appears that Manitoba, Saskatchewan, and Ontario have laws concerning crayfish use, with Manitoba and Saskatchewan having fairly broad prohibitions. While I’m here, I’ll note that I’ve moved the files for the main websites, Marmorkrebs.org and MarbledCrayfish.org, from a commercial server to one provided by my academic institution. This change should be unnoticeable, but there’s always the possibility that things will get confused in the transition. If you want to make sure you’re seeing the most recent files, the direct link is: Okay, I’ll admit that isn’t strictly a bad idea. But it certainly leaves something to be desired, given that a news article in Science characterized this plan as, “No genome left behind.” But of course, it leaves a tremendous number of genomes behind, namely, every single invertebrate. What are the current estimates for number of vertebrate species? Maybe 60,000 or so? The crustaceans alone probably have about the same number of species. The number of vertebrate species is not even close to the number of beetle species. The paper provides no rationale for doing such a massive scan of the vertebrate genomes alone as opposed to a project that would include the invertebrates. Indeed, the word “invertebrates” appears only once, in reference to fisheries. In fairness, I actually do think it’s great that these researchers are working together and suggesting a big, bold scheme. I’ve made no secret that I want a crayfish genome project. With this 10K genome paper, maybe it’s time to start thinking about a larger scale invertebrate genome sequencing project that will cover the rest of the animal kingdom, even though it’s obviously not possible to do the same level of coverage as the small vertebrate sub-phylum. This is a sick crayfish. As readers may know, I am not a pathologist or parasitologist, so I have little idea what these black spots may be or how to combat them. We’ve definitely had some animals die prematurely due to whatever these are. Any information would be most welcome! Today is the 150th anniversary of the publication of On the Origin of Species. I’ve talked before about the monograph on crayfish by Darwin’s close friend, Thomas Henry Huxley, but Darwin himself did significant work with crustaceans, notably barnacles. But because this is a crayfish blog, I went looking through the massive online database of Darwin’s writing for references to crayfish. In the Variation of Plants and Animals Under Domestication:, Darwin considers something near and dear to the heart of this blog, crustacean development: We are led to the same conclusion, namely, the independence of parts successively developed, by another and quite distinct group of facts. It is well known that many animals belonging to the same class, and therefore not differing widely from each other, pass through an extremely different course of development. Thus certain beetles, not in any way remarkably different from others of the same order, undergo what has been called a hyper-metamorphosis—that is, they pass through an early stage wholly different from the ordinary grub-like larva. In the same sub-order of crabs, namely, the Macroura, as Fritz Müller remarks, the river cray-fish is hatched under the same form which it ever afterwards retains; the young lobster has divided legs, like a Mysis; the Palæmon appears under the form of a Zoea, and Peneus under the Nauplius-form; and how wonderfully these larval forms differ from each other, is known to every naturalist. Some other crustaceans, as the same author observes, start from the same point and arrive at nearly the same end, but in the middle of their development are widely different from each other. In other words, Darwin has twigged to the important idea that each stage of the life-cycle of an organisms is under different selective pressures, and thus one stage can diverge while the others remain quite similar. Crayfish are also mentioned in one of Darwin’s transmutation notebooks. In it, Darwin shows his admiration for the natural world (“beautiful adaptations”), and interest in explaining the non-adaptive features (“unintelligible structures”): The question if creative power acted at Galapagos it so acted that birds with plumage and tone of voice purely American, North and South; so permanent a breath cannot reside in space before island existed. Such an influence must exist in such spots. We know birds do arrive, and seeds. (And geographical divisions are arbitrary and not permanent. This might be made very strong, if we believe the Creator created by any laws, which I think is shown by the very facts of the Zoological character of these islands.) The same remarks applicable to fossil animals same type; armadillo-like cray [i.e., crayfish?] created; passage for vertebrae in neck same cause. Such beautiful adaptations, yet other animals live so well. This view of propagation gives a hiding place for many unintelligible structures; it might have been of use in progenitor, or it may be of use,—like mammae on man's breast. In the Voyage of the Beagle, crayfish feature in a segment that shows the less enlightened aspect of Darwin’s cultural background, with the sort of references to “savages” that interested colonial powers. The little stream, besides its cool water, produced eels and cray-fish. I did indeed admire this scene, when I compared it with an uncultivated one in the temperate zones. I felt the force of the observation, that man, at least savage man, with his reasoning powers only partly developed, is the child of the tropics. The nomination deadline for The Open Laboratory anthology, the annual collection of science writing on blogs, is in two weeks. If there’s a post from this blog that you liked, I’d like to ask that you consider nominating it for the anthology. Posts from 1 December 2008 to 30 November 2009 are eligible. Click here to submit an entry. A Blog Around the Clock regularly updates the list of entries; here’s a recent one (probably out of date by the time you read this). In case you’re wondering why I don’t just nominate myself, I think it’s better for readers to decide what’s good than writers. And because it feels gauche to nominate a bunch of your own stuff. The September 2009 issue of Genesis features a gorgeous array of animals early in their development, taken by students at the Woods Hole embryology course. The journal says that one of the images is of marbled crayfish, but doesn’t exactly provide a key. I should say that after looking again, it would be best to say that it is definitely a decapod crustacean, but it might actually be a crab larvae instead. I say this because the student who did the staining was working with a number of decapods (multiple crayfish and crab species) at the time and I am not certain that this image is actually Marmokrebs. And, for the record, the crustacean is immediately under the words “Genetics and” in the subtitle, and is purple and green. Even if it isn’t Marmorkrebs... it’s still a superb cover. Welcome to the 44th and latest edition of Circus of the Spineless, the monthly celebration of animal diversity. Although this blog is devoted to just one invertebrate species, I’m pleased to host this carnival and showcase all the other wonderful forms that invertebrates take. Please take a moment to visit the home page and have look around. I find the biggest problem is always how to sort the posts. Sadly, I am not imaginative, so I broke it down into the nicknames that I often hear my colleagues who study invertebrates: “crunchies” (things with exoskeletons) and “squishies” (things with soft bodies). Because this is a crustacean blog, please forgive a little double favouritism by me starting off with a post from NeuroDojo (a sibling blog that I also author). In it, I take serious ethological research on hermit crabs, and turn it into a fairy tale. Adrian at The Bug Whisperer also tries to take photos, but seems to cause a crime rather than preventing one, as a fight breaks out between his ant subjects. Models can be such divas. Staying with ants for the moment, the Wild About Ants blog shows ants visiting extrafloral nectaries on cacti. Roberta Gibson want to know if you’ve seen ants visiting nectaries; go help her out. At Hill-Stead’s Nature Blog, Diane Tucker features dragonflies and envies their ability to rise above it all. Marcia Bonta looks at charismatic invertebrates. And I guess if you’re an invertebrate and want to be charismatic, it helps to have long legs, since she focuses in on daddy long legs and stick insects. But if you want beautiful, Ted MacRae at Beetles in the Bush reckons he’s got the most beautiful beetle on the North American continent. I took the liberty of including a picture at right; isn’t it a beauty? At The DC Birding Blog, John discusses and documents several insects lured by the promise of cheap beer. I am not making this up. If that’s a little to crazy for you, just look at the nice butterflies. Dave Ingram, writing on the modestly titled Dave Ingram’s Natural History Blog, rounds out the crunchy section of our program with some pictures and note on millipedes. While I would never claim to have saved the best for last, I do think you’ll admit this last post is worth the wait. Hill-Stead’s Nature Blog brings us... slug poetry! That concludes this installment of Circus of the Spineless! Please join us again in about 30 days over at Greg Laden’s Blog. Email your submissions to Greg. (And come on, squishy lovers, show your colours!) Vogt G. 2009. Research on aging and longevity in the parthenogenetic marbled crayfish, with special emphasis on stochastic developmental variation, allocation of metabolic resources, regeneration, This article presents first results on aging and longevity in the marbled crayfish, an isogenic invertebrate with indeterminate growth. The marbled crayfish is the only known parthenogenetic species of more than 10.000 decapod crustaceans and has a maximal life span of roughly 3.5 years. Its main advantages, aside from genetically identical offspring and lifelong growth, are the alternation of growth and reproduction phases, a high regeneration capacity and easy handling in the laboratory. In a group of seven genetically identical batch-mates life span varied from 437 to 910 days although the sibs were communally reared and fed ad libitum with the same pellet food. In the same group there was no clear-cut relationship between longevity and growth or reproduction frequency. However, the specimen with the lowest life span showed fast growth, early onset of reproduction, and short time intervals between reproduction cycles. Damages like loss of appendages were repaired and did not negatively affect longevity. Social stress, in contrast, shortened life expectancy. The biological peculiarities of the marbled crayfish and the data obtained so far argue for a more intense use of this animal in research on aging and longevity. While this manuscript was being prepared, Jones et al. (2008) (sic) published an account of a molecular study identifying crayfish specimens collected in Madagascar as Marmorkrebs. Kawai and colleagues are pleasant about it in the paper, but the bottom line is that they got scooped. While they were themselves scooped, they unwittingly also scooped another author, namely me. I’d been doing some preliminary work on a morphological description of Marmorkrebs, for the same reason presented in the new paper: to aid identification. While I wasn’t terribly far along in the process, I did have data recorded. It was more than just an idle, “Oh, I’ll do it some day.” Crustacean biology has both the blessing and curse of usually being a slow-moving field. Progress is measured in years and decades rather than months. This means that scoops are rarely an issue. The Marmorkrebs story is one that has moved unusually fast, and those of us working with this organism probably need to take account of that. I’ve also conducted and published research on ascidians, and I was impressed me by how that research community seemed organized and generally cohesive. At their meeting, they would arrange informal “working groups” to cooperatively plot out some of the research plans so that the projects in different labs were complementing rather than competing. The ascidian community realized there are benefits to community and communication. There is more than enough research on Marmorkrebs to do that there should be some way to ensure that we don’t waste time duplicating our efforts. Sadly, an invasive crayfish species is currently a very small problem for researchers and others concerned with the island. The country is in turmoil politically. Half a year hasn’t improved matters much. A new piece in New Scientist says political instability is continues to threaten Madagascar’s biological treasures. Since a military coup forced the president to resign in March, conservationists and biologists have watched as loggers have stripped the country’s forests and killed its animals for bushmeat. ... (A)t the very least, 120 rosewood and ebony trees, worth an estimated $480,000, are being taken out of Masoala, Madagascar's largest national park, each day. At least thirteen illegal traders, known locally as the “rosewood Mafia,” buy the wood and export it, mostly to China. Conservationists say the logging is destroying the island’s national parks and having knock-on effects on the forest's animals. Next month, I am pleased to host the Circus of the Spineless carnival on this blog. Submit your squishy and / or crunchy blog links to me throughout October, so we’ll be ready to roll at the start of November! Invasion of an alien freshwater crayfish is newly confirmed in Madagascar. The invasive crayfish is determined as the parthenogenetic Marmorkrebs (marbled crayfish) (Cambaridae: Decapoda) on the basis of morphological features and the fact that all collected specimens were females regardless of their size. As this is a worrisome finding, the public should be alerted so that spread on the island can be prevented before it affects the vulnerable native crayfish biodiversity and the rice field business in Madagascar. (Note: What the abstract does not mention is that this paper contains the first detailed description of Marmorkrebs morphology. This should greatly aid identifications, since many species of Procambarus superficially resemble Marmorkrebs, particularly in the marbled colouration.) A day driving, a day talking, a day driving. That pretty much sums up a recent visit to Texas A&M University last week, where I had been invited to give a talk to the Applied Biodiversity Sciences program. This was fun and interesting in a few ways. At the suggestion of the organizer, my student Stephanie and I gave a joint talk, which isn’t all that common. I did the first third, she did the middle, and I returned to handle the last third. We also left the audience wondering how we got PowerPoint to do all the zooming. The answer was that we didn’t use PowerPoint for our visual aids. Instead, we were experimenting with some new software called Prezi. If you do presentations, you probably have a few months where it’ll be really cool before everyone else discovers it. The biggest surprise was that a couple of audience members had direct ties to Marmorkrebs. One sold them in Switzerland back in the 1990s. Another confirmed something that I’ve only heard as a rumour, namely that Marmorkrebs are being aquacultured in China. More to follow on these leads, no doubt. I was re-reading the recent paper on the introduction of Marmorkrebs in Italy (Marzano et al., 2009), and noticed this: In their publication on (sic) Nature, the authors even raised the hypothesis that Procambarus sp. is a transgenic species created by laboratories in Hong Kong. The only Nature paper featuring Marmorkrebs to date is the first one (Scholtz et al., 2003). I freely admit that I miss things, and do not remember everything. But the paper is only one page, so a statement like that would be hard to miss. And I’d like to think I would have remembered a claim that Marmorkrebs were the result of a scientific experiment gone wrong. I re-read the Nature paper. The words, “Hong Kong” do not appear in it. There is a brief mention of transgenics, but it is in a comment saying that Marmorkrebs would be good for transgenic experiments in the future, not that they were the result of transgenic experiments in the past. For a moment, I wondered in the reference cited (Nam et al., 2000) next to the comment about Marmorkrebs’ potential was from a Hong Kong lab, but the authors of that paper all gave South Korea as their country of origin. Marmorkrebs already sound like they’ve stepped straight out from a science fiction potboiler. You cannot work with an invasive species of female clones (which Marmorkrebs is) without at least thinking of old monster movies or pulp magazines. If they were truly an escaped science experiment? And “made in Hong Kong” to boot? Forget my next grant proposal... I’m going to work on my screenplay. The always articulate Olivia Judson looks at genome projects in her recent New York Times column, and asks what organisms should be on the list to have their genome sequenced. She makes a persuasive case for the famous “living fossil,” the deep sea coelacanth. The reader comments contain many good nominees (whales, naked mole rats, potato blight, and more), but I’m afraid I was not selfless. I wrote in the comments: Coelacanth is an excellent choice. It could be difficult to get enough tissue, given that they are such elusive creatures. Crayfish (and their relatives, lobsters and other decapod crustaceans) are commercially important. They are harvested for food and cause ecological and economic damages as invasive species to name just two reasons. Crayfish are important model organisms for research, particularly neurobiology. Discoveries made in crayfish include electrical synapses, presynaptic inhibition, and neuromodulation of aggression. There is only one crustacean genome (a small freshwater one, Daphnia pulex). In comparison, about a dozen insect genomes are complete and more are on the way. Probably the best choice of species would be Louisiana red swamp crayfish (Procambarus clarkii), because it is common, spread across the globe, and well studied. The mysterious crayfish Marmorkrebs could be an interesting second choice, because their origins are unknown, and they are the only known decapod crustacean where all the individuals are female. Just in case there is any confusion, I have nothing to do with the Marmorkrebs Twitter feed. I post as DoctorZen there. Stephanie Jimenez presenting her latest poster at the Ecology Society of America meeting in Albuquerque recently. Today’s post is a bit of a cheat, because the research is not as well known as the researcher who performed it. Nevertheless, it’s fun to look back into the history of crayfish research and find none other than Sigmund Freud, he of psychoanalysis, dream interpretation, and much more. In his 20s, Freud was a comparative neurobiologist. His doctoral dissertation was on fish spinal cords. Freud later worked in the lab of Ernst Brücke. There, Freud studied crayfish and freshwater crabs. Freud’s contribution was apparently quite significant... although it’s sometimes hard to work out exactly what that contribution was. Those of us who do not read German can’t read the original paper, and must rely on the translations of others to get an appreciation of the context and significance of the work. I’ve read Freud’s crayfish described in various ways, ranging from showing that the axons were connected to cell bodies to showing that neurons contained a cytoskeleton. Unfortunately, Freud found that research didn’t pay enough for him to get married, so he went into medical practice. And that was the start of the twisting road leading to the work that Freud is best known for. Given the controversies over Freud’s later work in psychology, however, one could make the case that both biology and psychology might have been better off if Freud stayed a neurobiologist. Interestingly, Freud was far from alone in starting a research career in invertebrates before becoming famous in psychology. Jean Piaget worked on snail behaviour, publishing papers while he was still in high school, before his studies on how children think made him the premiere developmental psychologist. Alfred Binet did his doctoral work on insect nervous systems, which was later overshadowed by his development of one of the first intelligence tests. This blog makes a brief cameo appearance in the “Members in the News” section of the new issue of American Scientist. I guess they used the subtitle because “Marmorkrebs” alone was too cryptic... The Ecological Society of America conference is now on. Remember to visit the Marmorkrebs poster on Friday morning, poster PS 88-134. The question of whether conferences are worth it is worth revisiting. The Byte-Size Biology takes a look at several online science tools, including virtual conferences, and concludes that the virtual conference is not ready yet. First: virtual conferencing technology sucks. It doesn’t matter if you use a free Skype on a $150 netbook, or a state-of-the art teleconferencing equipment with a 52″ screen and Dolby Surround, piped through at hundreds of Gigabits per second. You will get interruptions, cuts, lags, annoyances and embarrassing moments. Second: social reasons. The important parts of a conference take place in the hallways, poster sessions, meals, banquets and, of course, the pub across the street. Incipient collaborations, exchange of ideas, brainstorming: all those take place around the dinner table and in the halls. With food, coffee and alcohol providing the social lubrication, and the talks and posters the intellectual one. A conference is much more than a series of talks. (Low resolution picture because this was snapped with my phone. Sorry, but these gals are hard to catch in the act.) The Eighteenth Symposium of the International Association of Astacology (IAA) is being held about one year from now at the University of Missouri. It will be running 18-23 July in 2010. The main conference page is here. I am hoping to have some Marmorkrebs research to show at that conference. How can you resist a meeting that guarantees attendees “expansion of your mental, physical, and spiritual being” and, I quote, “plenty of nuisance insects”? Some artists create with paint. Some artists create with sound. Some artists create with words. Jerzy Stanislaw Alexandrowicz was an artist who created with methylene blue. Methylene blue is a straightforward vital stain, and many kids school use it today to see cells under a microscope. But Alexandrowicz took the simple stain to new scientific heights. An obituary gives some idea of his mastery, describing his technique as “legendary,” and his skills so renown that scientists from all over came to visit his lab to learn his methods. (The obituary, incidentally, is well worth reading and paints a picture of a rather remarkable man.) Alexandrowicz first noted small sensory organs in the tail of crustaceans in the 1930s, but didn’t get to finish the work until after World War II, and published the discovery until 1951. He termed these “muscle receptor organs” (MROs) because the neurons were indeed sitting along a very fine strip of muscle. I doubt the PDF does justice to the pictures in the original paper, but one can get a sense of just how detailed he was. The attentive may object to this being called a “Great moment in crayfish research,” because Alexandrowicz worked with lobsters. Although the muscle receptor organs weren’t originally described in crayfish, almost all of the work that followed was done in crayfish. From the outset, there was interest in these little sense organs because they were readily accessible, sitting just underneath the exoskeleton and on top of the large fast flexor muscles. In contrast, similar looking organs in mammals, muscle spindle organs, were buried deep in muscles and very difficult to work with. There has been much work on them because of that, and I can only hope to hit a few highlights here. Cornelius “Kees” Wiersma and colleagues (1953) quickly started doing physiology on these little sense organs, and explicitly drew parallels between them and vertebrate sense organs. They found that the two sensory neurons in the muscle receptor organs had very different properties. One was tonic, responding to slow and small changes, and tended to fire all the time. The other one was phasic, responding only to very hard flexions of the abdomen, and then only for one or two spikes. Wiersma and colleagues continued to do the basic legwork of tracking down the basics of the circuit (Hughes and Wiersma 1960). Because of the neuronal connections, and the responses of isolated neurons in the dish, Larry Fields (1966) proposed that the muscle receptor organs acted in load compensation (pictured below is Figure 8 from his paper). That is, the muscle receptor organs appeared to be wired so as to detect the difference between how much bending of the tail the animal was trying to do, and how much was actually occurring. If there was a difference between those two, a reflex would kick in, activating extensor muscles to compensate for the impeded movement. Unfortunately, when the muscle receptor organs were recorded from live animals performing load compensation, it seemed that the muscle receptor organs didn’t actually work that way (McCarthy and Macmillan 1999). So the function of the muscle receptor organs in intact animals, even after 50 years of work in many labs, still remains to be fully understood. The muscle receptor organs are an “evergreen” scientific preparation, and I’ve hit on only a very, very small number of papers on them here. That I can only touch on these few highlights in a blog post is a nice example of how often, science is not about breakthroughs, but inch by inch progress. The red swamp crayfish, Procambarus clarkii, is the most abundant invasive crustacean decapod in Italy. Evidence is however emerging for the presence of other Cambaridae that are erroneously assigned to the P. clarkii taxon. The marbled crayfish, belonging to a still uncertain species of the genus Procambarus, has been found for the first time in Italy in the Canale Maestro della Chiana (Tuscany, Central Italy), where it lives in sympatry with a large P. clarkii population. Although a single specimen was found, this record is particularly relevant due to the parthenogenetic reproductive habit of the marbled crayfish. However, molecular analyses based on COI barcoding did not reveal any differentiation within the P. clarkii population and excluded any form of hybridization between the two species. We will shortly discuss new pathways of invasive species and the threats posed by parthenogenetic species, even though they seem to be still sporadic. Last week, I mentioned that Marmorkrebs have been found in the Netherlands. This newsletter has more details (PDF format; I had problems getting it to open automatically, but was able to save it from my web browser). You may find it useful, particularly if your Dutch is better than mine. Natural habitat habitat unknown. The species is only known from the aquarium trade (where the species probably also created). Dissemination in The Netherlands in 2004 for the first found in an old Griend in Dordrecht (the lay). Received an email today pointing out a few references that show Marmorkrebs have been showing up in the waters of the Netherlands for some time now. The one below is a starting point: The annulus ventralis of Marmorkrebs. This feature is on the underside of the animal near the most posterior legs, and is sometimes found in crayfish species descriptions. There will be a Marmorkrebs poster in the late-breaking poster session of this year’s annual Ecological Society of American meeting in Albuquerque, New Mexico. This will be presented by Stephanie A. Jimenez. This poster is her third presentation this year, all on different aspects of Marmorkrebs (she’s been busy!). The main Marmorkrebs.org page lists an in-press paper describing a case of Marmorkrebs being found in a natural ecosystem. I’ve mentioned Madagascar before, and now Italy has been added to the list. The Italy article hasn't been posted in the blog yet, because I like to include articles here only once they have final pagination and so on. It seems reasonable to expect more such reports in the future. I’ve created a Google map to start documenting where Marmorkrebs are reported. I will update it as often as I get information. A new report described in the Telegraph lists marbled crayfish as posing “high risk” to British wildlife if they are released into the wild. This news story comes on the heels of two letters in the most recent issue of Science that offer a back and forth on the issue of introduced species. The first, by Gozan and Newton, talks about potential benefits of introduced species, like “aquaculture, sport fishing, forestry, horticulture, and game hunting.” The reply by Hulme and colleagues mentions crayfish as an example: Major aquaculture species such as the crayfish Procambarus clarkii and Pacific cupped oyster Crassostrea gigas threaten endemic species through predation, competition, and/or the spread of diseases, and these two specific examples are widely recognized as some of the worst invasive species in the region(.) ... The history of biological invasions in Europe has too many examples of shortsighted decisions targeting perceived economic gains that have resulted in much larger (and often irreversible) costs to society. Thus, such “balance sheet” decision-making promoted by Gozlan and Newton, rather than a precautionary approach, is not only naïve but potentially dangerous. This article on the National Science Foundation website has an related take on invasive species. It tracks students who were examining the impact of Louisiana red swamp crayfish (Procambarus clarkii) into China. (W)e were surprised by how welcome this exotic crayfish was in the Chinese community, even among rice farmers whose crops were being destroyed. ... Another rice farmer explained that if he had the necessary resources, he said he would sell only crayfish and eliminate rice farming all together. Emphasis added. This is particularly relevant to Marmorkrebs, as it has been rumoured that they are being investigated for aquaculture purposes in China. Plus, asexual species in theory can generate double the number of reproductive offspring every generation compared to sexual species. Thus, people could be extremely tempted to introduce Marmorkrebs into natural ecosystems deliberately. The problem is that such introductions have ended in tears as often, if not more often, than they have ended in triumph. (Two words: Cane toads.) Harvested crayfish in Chinese fish market. Difficult to recognize, except for escapee in upper left! In 2007 an unusual crayfish found in food markets in the capital of Madagascar was preliminarily identified as Procambarus ‘Marmorkrebs’: a new world taxa and the only decapod known to reproduce by parthenogenesis. We present information on the identity, distribution and ecology of this recent invader and attempt to evaluate the threat it poses to Madagascar’s biodiversity and to livelihoods. The species appears to be currently limited to the area close to Antananarivo, but is being sold alive on major transport routes. We present molecular evidence of its taxonomic relationships and confirm that the Procambarus present in Madagascar is indeed the parthenogenic taxa. We investigate its reproductive ecology and find Procambarus ‘Marmorkrebs’ to have an extremely high fecundity; more than six times that of the native crayfish Astacoides. The limited evidence we have suggests that this species poses a serious threat to freshwater biodiversity and that it is likely to damage human livelihoods (through its impact on fishing and possibly rice agriculture). More research is urgently needed but in the meantime action is needed to reduce the rate of spread before it is too late. Marmorkrebs.org makes a brief cameo appearance in the latest Crayfish News newsletter with an article called, “Crayfish Blogging and Citizen Science.” The newsletter is a publication of the International Association of Astacology (password protected for members). In the new issue of Science, Smith and colleagues present some interesting information on import of wild animals. Over half a million shipments of wildlife containing >1.48 billion live animals have been imported by the United States since 2000. ... The majority (92%) of imports were designated for commercial purposes, largely the pet trade. In its current form, H.R. 669 does not consider the economic benefits of wildlife trade. We argue that it should. H.R. 669 requires evaluation of the threat imported wildlife species pose as invasive species or carriers of known pathogens before importation. It proposes creation of lists of species “approved” or “unapproved” for import. Although the Act recognizes that there are species for which adequate scientific and commercial evidence is not yet available to make an evaluation of import risk, it does not stipulate how such species should be handled. For these species, we propose that H.R 669 should require their temporary placement on a “gray list.” These gray-listed species should receive priority funding for risk analysis. At least, I can only assume that says either “Marmorkrebs” or “marbled crayfish.” I have no idea how that would be pronounced phonetically. I found it at the top of a gallery of Marmorkrebs pictures can be found here. Many useful links are embedded with the pictures. HR669 hasn’t exactly been making national headlines, but in certain circles, has been the topic of much discussion. Sponsored by Guam delegate Madeleine Bordallo (pictured), it’s going to be the subject of an American congressional subcommittee hearing this week (23 April 2009). The summary of the bill indicates that much is expected in determining whether a species would be allowed in the country or not, including the identity of the organism to the species level and the native range of the species. Of course, Marmorkrebs would pose a potentially interesting enforcement conundrum. It has no formal species description. It has no known native range – but its closets relative appear to be southern U.S. species. Are Marmorkrebs nonnative? There are literally tens of thousands of species of non-native birds, mammals, reptiles, amphibians, fish and invertebrates that are kept and bred in the United States (for example, there are more than 2,500 species of non-native freshwater and marine fish species in the aquarium trade alone). In particular, she is asking researchers for information about whether this would impact their research. I was listening to an interview with Sarah Pryke on The Science Show. She works with beautiful Gouldian finches (a gallery of them is here). It came up in the conversation that she has about 2,000 of these birds. She estimates that this may well be equal to the number of these birds left in the wild. Which is one of those astonishing thoughts. We forget how many species have most, if not all, of their populations essentially reliant on humans keeping them. What do you call an animal with no known original wild population? “Extirpated”? No, that’s not quite right. “Extinct in the wild”? That assumes that there is an identified wild population. Regardless, an organism that had known no endemic territory left would be surely be worthy of a conservation effort, wouldn’t it? Of course, Marmorkrebs fall into such category. We don’t know if they have a home besides our aquaria, or whether it’s under threat or how many Marmorkrebs there might be. I’ve written a fair amount about Marmorkrebs’ potential to be an invasive species. And while they’ve been introduced into the wild, in Madagascar and elsewhere, but it is far too early to tell what the outcome there will be. If anything, there should probably be some efforts to try to control them in places like Madagascar, because they so obviously don’t belong there. Nevertheless, it is worth considering the idea that Marmorkrebs might actually be rare, in the global sense. Unless we find a wild population – and there are some reasons to suspect that one might not exist – their future might depend on humans. I find it fascinating how the picture I uploaded for Wikipedia makes its way elsewhere around the web. Science magazine last week featured a book review of the first volume of Emerging Model Organisms. Since this is what I hope Marmorkrebs to be, I looked at this with great interest. And luckily, author Jonathan Slack did make some instructive comments on what makes for a successful model organism. A model organism must exemplify some key general biological problem that can be solved relatively easily with it and that will turn out to have the same answer for more important but experimentally less tractable organisms, namely human beings or economically important domestic animals and crop plants. Because I’m a neurobiologist, my opinion may be skewed, but it seems to me that crayfish serve well for general biological problems related to nervous system organization and function, as I hope I show my irregular series, “Great Moments in Crayfish Research.” So, in a sense, Marmorkrebs is not entirely a new model organism, but a variation that can take advantage of new questions (e.g., evo-devo) and methodologies (e.g., transgenics). Marmorkrebs do also serve as a model for “economically important animals,” namely other large decapod crustaceans like lobsters and crayfish, whose rearing is less convenient. The book's protocols reveal that not all the aspirant models are capable of being bred in the lab—something I would consider a basic requirement. And that’s a point in Marmorkrebs favour, though I’ll be the first to admit that the fairly long generation time and a few related concerns are issues. For those who manage science funding, the book should pose the question: How many model organisms do we need? That issue is all the more urgent because there is a second volume of this series looming, so there will soon be another 20 or so organisms wanting to get their snouts, tentacles, probosci, or roots into the trough. We practitioners of academic life sciences feel we require a doubling of total expenditure about every five years to remain reasonably comfortable. Funding bodies have found this a difficult target to meet, and it will become even harder with so many more model organisms to feed. I added the emphasis, because the statement is one that I have never seen before. It’s not clear to me if he’s talking about individual researchers, a research lab, a research field, or something else. But I’ll take a stab at replying to Slack’s rhetorical question with one of my own. Now, I am not criticizing anyone who works on those organisms. I know a lot of those people, and I like a lot of those people, and appreciate the science that they do. But the recruitment of researchers to existing model organisms resembles what Jorge Cham called a “Profzi scheme,” where more and more people are working on fewer and fewer organisms. Perhaps a lesson can be taken from ecology rather than economy. In ecology, it’s often the case that there are advantages to being rare.Made in Germany: as always, the DOMINATOR 130 is built at our main plant in Harsewinkel and impresses with its reliable, rugged technology The DOMINATOR is equipped with the CLAAS threshing unit, which has proven its worth over and over again in the field. Clean threshing, protective grain handling, optimal deawning and high separation efficiency deliver the excellent grain quality expected in the market today. In addition, the AVERO is equipped with the impressive features of the 3D-cleaning system developed by CLAAS: The high efficiency of CLAAS intensive separation systems has also impressed users for years. A controlled agitator tine above each of the straw walkers digs deep into the straw, loosening and fluffing it and so increasing the separation performance. The straw walker design ensures optimum straw quality for baling. And if there is no need to harvest the straw, you can simply use the chopper, whose 40 blades and speed of 3300 rpm ensure that it is chopped short and distributed evenly over the entire width of the cutterbar. Your machine needs the right front attachment in order to work effectively and at maximum productivity.Increased numbers of ESAT-6-and purified protein derivative-specific gamma interferon-producing cells in subclinical and active tuberculosis infection The scope and number of records on eDoc is subject to the collection policies defined by each institute - see "info" button in the collection browse view.Abundant thanks to these wonderful women from Hope Church in Oakdale who came and helped with much-needed office projects! BEIJING (Aug 22): Benchmark Tokyo rubber futures extended their gains into a third session on Wednesday, tracking strength in Shanghai market. Tokyo Commodity Exchange (TOCOM) futures, which set the tone for rubber prices in Southeast Asia, jumped to their highest in more than two months in early trade after Shanghai prices climbed. "Prices were mainly pushed up as investors piled into the commodity product. The prices were at very low levels and then capitals went bullish on it," said Hu Haitao, researcher, Yinglu Asset Management (Shanghai) Co Ltd. The Tokyo Commodity Exchange rubber contract for January delivery finished 6.0 yen (US$0.0543) higher at 178.8 yen per kg. The most-active rubber contract on the Shanghai futures exchange for January delivery rose 400 yuan (US$58.19) to finish at 12,580 yuan per tonne. The front-month rubber contract on Singapore's SICOM exchange for September delivery last traded at 139.4 US cents per kg, up 4.6 cents. Guan Eng says govt not considering wealth tax, capital gains tax over concern about negative outcome — report news@astate.edu JONESBORO – Dr. Tim Hudson resigned Tuesday, effective immediately, as chancellor of Arkansas State University after four years of service on the Jonesboro campus. Dr. Charles Welch, president of the ASU System, said he accepted Hudson’s resignation Tuesday evening. Welch named Dr. Lynita Cooksey, Provost and Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs and Research at A-State, as the acting chancellor. “I have asked Dr. Lynita Cooksey to serve in a temporary role as acting chancellor. In the coming days I will develop plans for a long-term interim appointment,” Welch said. “I want to thank Dr. Tim Hudson for his service to Arkansas State University. A-State experienced many significant milestones during his tenure, including the most academically talented freshman classes in university history, record numbers of graduating students, record annual fundraising totals, creation of a public-private partnership with New York Institute of Technology to bring an osteopathic medical school to the A-State campus, completion of multiple major capital projects including the Humanities Building, and unprecedented institutional successes in intercollegiate athletics. Hudson, his wife Dr. Dee Dee Hudson, and their entire family welcomed thousands of university supporters into the Chancellor&apos;s Residence to showcase the many talented members of the university community. I appreciate Tim, Dee Dee, and their family for their many contributions to A?State, and I wish them well in their future endeavors.” Hudson, who was appointed chancellor in 2012, also resigned as a professor of the College of Business at A-State. Cooksey, a 1979 graduate of Arkansas State, became vice chancellor and provost in 2012 and held several other leadership roles after joining the AState faculty in 1993. Prior to her appointment as associate vice chancellor for Academic Services in 2000, she was associate dean of the then-College of Arts and Sciences and taught for several years in the Department of Biological Sciences, where she also held chair and associate chair positions. Other appointments have included Dean of University College, where she was instrumental in establishing the First-Year Experience program at AState. She was in charge of facilitating and coordinating the most recent accreditation process with The Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools. Cloudy with snow showers developing for the afternoon. High 34F. Winds N at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of snow 70%. About one inch of snow expected. Sunshine along with some cloudy intervals. A few flurries or snow showers possible. High 44F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016It’s the Central Saint Martins MA graduate show at Brewer Street Car Park in London. Strobe lights blaring, tunes on loop, a house-full of industry insiders and stalwarts, when models clad in Joanna Wawrzyńczak’s collection march onto the runway in a stream of patterns. What a tumultuous journey it has been for the designer – from having to do a retrieval project to keep her place on the course to showing at London Fashion Week Autumn/Winter 2016-17. The Polish textile designer is level-headed, calm and maintains an even-tone when speaking, giving away only carefully measured smiles and exclamations. Dressed in an all-black uniform, she explains that the clothes she makes are not an obvious extension of her personal style. She prefers the non-descript way of life, choosing comfort and blending-in over spotlight and attention. After all, fashion is about creating a dream, an idea. “It comes down to the fact that you don’t have to dress the way you design.” With this, she makes clothes for a woman who is bold, commands a look-at-me attitude and perhaps slim enough to slip into the sportswear inspired body-con silhouette. Joanna did her BA in fashion design at the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw. A freshly created fashion design department at the academy meant a “big question mark” on the course outline, reiterates Wawrzyńczak. This meant studying fine art hand in hand with fashion design. It’s this thorough art background that effectively spills into her current work. Her head-to-toe prints are inspired by Niki de Saint Phalle’s artworks. On the explosion of colourful prints she says, “I knew I didn’t want to do minimal and oversized. It’s really not my thing.” The outcome? Overlapping all-over hand-painted mesh and jersey fabrics that collapse into one another to create a digital 3D-effect. Tights that extend into shoes, body-suits clinging onto layered polo-necks, mid-riff bearing cut-outs, ribbed detailing, all lend themselves to flashes of inspiration Joanna gathered from 90s Versace, London’s 80s hit-label BodyMap, and in doses – her muse, her alter-ego, her sister. “When I look at the kind of clothes my sister wears, I feel a bit like a freak. Because I am the one in fashion and I like quality things, but I always wear them pared down. It’s nice to know that there are people out there who could be the market for these crazy things.” “Beyoncé!” she says when asked which celebrity she sees wearing her clothes. Why? Because she has a massive impact on a huge number of people. A little further into the interview and she backs out on this thought. “Lena Dunham!” she says absolutely sure of her choice this time. I recently re-read her book “Not That Kind of Girl… I love her – I think she is doing something really interesting for our generation of people and women.” She didn’t always recognise how well she worked with colour. “The tutors at Central Saint Martins very quickly see something inside you that you don’t even know is your strength. They pull it out of you and build your work upon that,” she says, explaining her evolution from a black and white with bare-minimum colour BA showcase, to her most recent collection. Of course, taking in feedback from tutors is not always as easy, she quietly adds. “I was really sad and angry with myself when I didn’t fare well and had to re-do my project. It is always a bit unpleasant when someone is criticising your work, because it is YOUR work and you’re sensitive towards it.” Her first year MA collection lacked focus and the tutors didn’t see a clear idea come through. Moping came easy at this stage, however, Joanna pulled herself out of it soon. A trip back to Poland to her family, a regained clearer vision of why she wanted to be on the course, and what she wanted out of it, kicked in. This clarity is what makes her tick even now. “Making a collection is hell. But it is manageable hell. I get stressed when I can’t control certain things, but there is always something you can do to turn the situation around if you are planned and organised,” she says as a suspiciously serene smile settles on her face. She owes her interest in abstract shapes and graphic elements to growing up in a “maximalist environment” at home. Her family lived in Nigeria before moving back to Poland when she was born. “Shady artefacts” like tortoise shells, lots of animals at home, vibrant colours – were all a normal part of growing up. “My grandma would tell me stories behind every piece of clothing or intricately beaded jewellery she owned from back in Africa. It felt like folklore. I have always liked a folklore feel to things. It doesn’t show so much anymore, but my initial collections were inspired by this.” She goes to explain that when she initially painted the designs by hand, they looked like giant paisley leaves. After heat transferring, pressing of the prints onto the fabric and random placement on the pattern, the familiar paisley was lost – and she loves this surprise. “A lot of people mistakenly think that it’s a digital print. It’s quite nice that it looks digitalised, but I wanted the fabric to move so it didn’t look like it came out of a digital printer.” Of course a 6-month internship at McQueen’s print department in London helped her master her print game. “You can learn a lot from a massive company. If you’re not whiny, you’ll make it, and if you’re hard working, you’ll make it. Regardless of whether the brand aesthetic is my aesthetic. You can go to a brand that is completely not your aesthetic and still do it and learn a lot.” If you enter the atelier, you are likely to spot Joanna working with headphones plugged in, focused deeply into her work. This outlook extends into the kind of people she admires. “My favourite book has to be Helmut Newton’s autobiography. Everyone should read it. His life was incredible, growing up in Berlin and moving to a completely different place – it’s like reading an adventure novel. I watched one short video of when he was shooting a model, and he just looked so closed from the outside world when working. I think people find people like that very intimidating when they’re not bubbly and jolly,” she says. It is easy to imagine Joanna entirely immersed in her work with not a minute to spare for unnecessary frivolities. Her warmth lies in her professionalism. To keep herself grounded, she finds friends in people who are entirely disconnected from the fashion bubble. Being with likeminded “fashion kids” on a daily basis has its perks, of course. “I love the friends I’ve made here. They do the same thing I do and I love to talk to them about strange ideas like ‘what is fashion’, because this is my everyday life after all.” The future is undecided. She has offers but none that she will name until she’s sure of which she is going with. “I wasn’t really looking for or expecting anything to come from the show. It wasn’t a matter of life or death for me to be in the show, so it’s nice when people tell me “I really your collection” or when they ask me if they can borrow it for a magazine shoot,” she gleams. So now where from here? “I want to work with a brand – gain more experience. I am not set on starting my own business yet,” she ends with hopeful clarity and not a bat of an eyelash. Sometimes, things happen that can cause credit problems: a temporary loss of income, an illness, even a computer error.Solving credit problems may take time and patience, but it doesn’t have to be an ordeal.If you’re looking for a way to generate cash to make ends meet, a pension advance may pique your interest. Debt consolidation may also lower your monthly payments.Through a debt consolidation plan you will be able to combine most, if not all of your unsecured debt and make one single monthly payment.Those accounts will still exist, but will be paid monthly through your account at ACCC.This is the best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Consumers want to see how a business took care of business. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from the rest.Consumers love to do business with someone that can admit mistakes and state how they made improvements. A Polish government official said the head of the Polish army and the head of the presidential administration were also on board the plane, along with the president's wife and families of other senior officials.'We still cannot fully understand the scope of this tragedy and what it means for us in the future.Dominika plays in her designs with clashing aesthetics, mixes innovative and traditional textile design technologies. All her garments are created with an impassioned attention to detail and great appreciation for craftsmanship. Opulent, 3D shapes, structures and textures are her signature designs. Dominikas design style is modern, fresh, rebellious chic and playful. Her designs are an expression of emotional power and raw energy combined with a romantic twist. She designs for strong, self-confident women, who have an appreciation for meticulously crafted garments. The designer likes to surprise and seduce at the same time. Dominika combines in her collections raw materials like leather with fine cashmeres, raw metal embellishments with couture embroidery, smooth silks with hand-smocked wools. She studied Fashion Design in Cracow, Poland, and at Central Saint Martins College of Arts and Design in London. After graduation she has worked as a textile and embroidery designer for various fashion labels in the UK. In 2016 she launched her own brand and since that she has produced critically acclaimed collections with a focus on innovative textile design and craftsmanship. She dressed THE VOICE America 2017 contestants (hosted by AliciaKeys, Gwen Stefani, Adam Levine), designed costumes for multiple movies (How deep is the Ocean, Trashhh, Last Supper) and her works were published in internationally acclaimed fashion magazines, including VOGUE UK, Glamour and Elle. She is the1st Prize Winner of Fashion Designer Awards, Project Runway Poland designer, finalist of numerous fashion and jewellery design competitions. Dominika latest collection have been showcased during Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week , FW 2017. by signing up you agree to receive dominika syczyńska emails with access to exclusive updates and new collectionsWHY disguise Rebel Angels as ALIENS? angels and demons is dan brown s first robert langdon thriller involving a conspiracy in the catholic church. Much of the ufo activity in the public forum has been designed by the here is a book review of angels and demons. Angels & Demons has 2,008,913 ratings and 24,714 reviews an angel, especially according to abrahamic religions and zoroastrianism [citation needed], is a spiritual being superior to humans in power and intelligence. Jessika said: Wow angels. Before I begin my review, I want to preface it by saying a few things on july 8th, the world’s leading dance event will once again return to the amsterdam arena for what promises to be a memorable edition in sensation history angels and the hierarchy of the heavenlies. I by eddie russell fmi thrones. The Illuminati has surfaced from the shadows to carry out the final phase of its legendary vendetta against its most hated enemy… the Catholic Church dominions. Angels & Demons is a 2000 bestselling mystery-thriller novel written by American author Dan Brown and published by Pocket Books and then by Corgi Books choirs. Demonic activity is on the rise principalities. Learn how to protect yourself against spiritual attack in an interview with Vatican-trained exorcist, Father Gary Thomas The great deception might include a facade that alien beings from outer space or from another dimension created life on the earth Demons and Nephilim articles. Chapter 4 – The Demons also exploring demons, spirits and other phenomena such as the near death experience and reincarnation. Now that we have covered fallen angels, we are going to cover demons want to see the sights from the angels & demons movie without paying for a guided tour? here s a self-guided angels & demons tour of rome. Some people think that demons are fallen angels the difference between fallen angels, demons, aliens, jedi, and the watchers. The Bible, Physics, and the Abilities of Fallen Angels (Whole Book) Preface: This book is titled “The Bible, Physics, and the Abilities of Fallen Angels” by sherry shriner in these last days, the bible says it will be a time of. Ambigrams commissioned for Dan Brown’s the 1 New York Times bestseller Angels & Demons used in the book and feature film a there are over 600 angels on this page. Directed by Ron Howard if you didn t come here from the angels directory, click here or use this box to search the site: biblical and other references in the tables below can also be found in a separate list of angels & demons. With Tom Hanks, Ewan McGregor, Ayelet Zurer, Stellan Skarsgård many thanks to esoteric archives, who provided much of the. Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon works with a nuclear physicist to solve a hell receiving fallen angels - paradise lost illustration - gustave dore the story of a rebel force that defies a deity has been a topic of great fascination for. The Official Angels and Demons Tour The Path of Illumination angels & demons: tagline: the holiest event of our time. Experience an incredible journey, at the end of which you will discover the Illuminati and their secrets perfect for their return. Angels and Demons is Dan Brown s first Robert Langdon thriller involving a conspiracy in the Catholic church the path is alive! regie: ron howard: producent: brian grazer john calleyHolly Bacon Company, a family business begun in 1914 by Carl Vogtherr and continued today by his great-grandaughter Claire. Still using the same hand made brines, natural wood smoking and drying processes that combine to make Holly Bacon cook crisply, and taste the way you remember bacon used to. Sugar cured Holly Ham for special occasions, or stunning summer salads. Also a range of specialty meats, prosciotto, smoked chicken, beef, lamb, gammon, real pork sausages, pork and ham shanks that have our clients returning for more. You will find Holly Bacon in our Macaroni Cheese, Venison Bourguignon and Prawn Risotto, their fabulous pork sausages are the major ingredient in our Old fashioned Curried Sausages and our ever popular Pork Belly Micro Meal is made using Holly Pork rolled Pork Bellies. Whether you’re catering for one or for many, we have a meal size to suit you. Place an order online and pick it up from our local store or if you’re in the zone, we can deliver to you. Place your order before Midnight Tuesday for a Friday delivery. Still have questions? Check out our handy FAQ here. MYLK has been designed to make life easy whether you are a busy working Mum or Dad, a solo traveller, new Mum or perhaps you are out of town wanting to take the hassle out of cooking for a loved one. MYLK Take Home Meals offer the perfect solution for everyone and are available in a range of sizes with a weekly changing menu. FOR FIRST TIME ORDERS CHECK OUT OUR FAQ PAGE TO ANSWER ANY QUESTIONS “I don’t think you can become an outstanding runner unless you get a certain amount of enjoyment out of the suffering. You have to enjoy absorbing it, controlling it and—ultimately—overcoming it.” Derek Clayton in The Masters of the Marathon So I am a bit confused about this whole recovery process after a half marathon, especially your first. I don’t want to push too hard, and get injured so I am playing safe. I did a bit of research and it seems you need to give your body a good 2 to 3 weeks to recovery and then slowly start to build again..reverse taper :-). The problem for me is that I need to be ready for my goal race in 3 weeks time, cant be in go slow mode now. I probably should not have ran the 21km on Sunday, but in true me style, I could not wait :-). But I am glad I did, I know I held back quite a bit so I know I can do a much better time (probably not in a Two Oceans with a Southern Cross and Constantia Nek, but another Half) so something to look forward to… Went to the gym yesterday and could only manage to walk, try to run but could feel my calves got a bit hurt. There seems to be a few blue patches on my legs so I probably have a few brushed muscles. They are not painful or anything, just a bit sore when you touch them, so Deep Heat has become my best friend :-). Did some stretching and started with strength training. I seem to be OK, just cant run at this stage. I am starting to get a bit concerned, cos I don’t really know when I should start to pick up the pace or distance. Will see how I feel tomorrow and prehaps go for a 5km walk or something. What an experience! The route was tough. Pure hills the first 10km and from there on it was downhill for next 5km and flats for the last 6km. It was raining in the morning when I left the house at 5am and heard little whispers saying not to do the race. I was not going to run in the rain and risk getting a cold so close to Two Oceans. But then I needed to do get a long run in so there was no turning back. I got completely lost on my way to the venue, kind off remembered which areas and which highways, spotted the police patrolling and knew I was close by so I just asked them for directions. They were so helpful, even told me I was late :-). Thanks to them I found the venue easily and had enough time to register and get myself mentally prepared for the race. The rain had stop and the weather was overcast, cool, perfect! The route was scenic – I really enjoyed running through/along the nature reserve and Swartkoppies. The climb up those hills were all worth-it! Despite the initial hills I ran the race extremely well. Really struggled the first 10km but somehow managed to have recovered well. At the 15km I was at 1:47. Two minutes off my previous 15km! My strategy for the race was simple. Keep to a slower pace. Needed to remind myself that this is a long training run to get the kilometers on the leg. At 19km the clock said 2:15. I did the math and realised I was not going to make 2:30 – not the way I was feeling, so I just did my best for the last 2km, was tempted to just walk it, but the decided not to, let’s try and see – though my mental mantra did not work so well at that stage 🙂 With 1km to go I was left with 6:30mins. That last 1km was tough! It was at an ever so slightly deceptive little slope, which made it very difficult to run. Wanted to run it all out, but could barely keep it up for 1min…so I finished in 2:32mins! So bloody close :-). I am extremely happy with my performance and my training progress so far. I knew I was ready to do the HALF it was just a matter of doing! So, now for the recovery 😦 I hope it won’t be difficult. I can feel I few aches, but hope I will be able to work through them with easy runs and walks this coming weeks. I really enjoy my running….it has never disappointed. It has always left me with a great sense of achievement. This something I am valuing and hope to continue doing for a very long time. “It is very rewarding to feel and see progress. I am going to put my head down and keep plugging away. I believe the best is yet to come.” Shalane Flanagan, 2nd woman finisher at the 2010 New York City Marathon I have to admit up until this morning I was a bit worried. I was feeling tired and my body was screaming take it slow, which I did. I only ran 7km for the whole which is good, cos it means my legs are rested. This morning I took it quite easy, only ran for the last 1km and took it very easy. I can feel a spasm threatening in my right carve. It’s been there since I ran the Deloitte 10km and every day I run I think it is going to happen today. I am a bit worried, probably need to go for a massage. Will really have take it easy on Sunday. My strategy for the race is going to be simple…take it easy for the first 15km. I know I can do 15km comfortably :-)..YES, I CAN 🙂 :-)!!!! So only need to focus on the next 3km to 18km. That is my goal for Sunday, to comfortably do a 18km :-((…YES, I CAN 🙂 :-)…the rest…finishing the 21km is a done deal! :-)…even if it take me 3hrs! “The challenge in running is not to aim at doing the things no one else has done, but to keep doing things anyone could do—but most never will”. Joe Henderson in The Complete Book of Running My friends at Healthstyle Magazine have done it yet again. The just released Winter issue is packed full of wonderful health hints, lifestyle tips, recipes and more! This time the article I contributed (which begins on Page 26 – click to read here) is about how participating in fun outdoor activities with your children can help both you and your kiddos burn calories while having fun and bonding at the same time. My beautiful stepdaughter Maura assisted me by modeling and participating in the activities with me. It turned out super cute. Filed under Family, Kids, managing family, mommy, motherhood, parent, Uncategorized and tagged burn calories, exercise, family fun, healthstyle magazine, Kids, Mommy, mommy knows best |	Leave a comment We’ve all heard of the bucket list. I have a dear friend from childhood that checked one off of her list this weekend by running her first half marathon. I was really proud of her and after I got over my initial jealousy I realized that much like resolutions bucket list items require action, discipline and follow through. Those 3 things suck for me. So instead I made my Anti-Bucket List. This list is comprised of things which require no action at all. Only a dedication to spending my entire life making sure they absolutely never, ever, ever happen. I am committed to this list whole heartedly. Since I’m not 100% sure I even understand what Sizzurp is I think I should probably just steer clear of it. So I’m sorry JB, if I happen to run into you at one of the 3 places I go and you and Lil Twist are looking to party lean-style with a 40-year-old housewife you are out of luck buddy. Can’t do it. I actually love tattoos. I think they are a beautiful, expressive art. But somehow I think a tattoo would look wildly ridiculous on me. Like that time in 8th grade I dyed my hair jet black for Halloween and it stayed that way for over a month. It just doesn’t work. Plus, I’m sure I would end up getting something silly like “I heart my Roomba” and regret it forever. I know it is inevitable that my kids will have their hearts broken at least once in their lifetime. I just will make for damn sure it isn’t because of me. I’ve had my heart broken by a parent and I will not repeat the cycle. Period. Let’s face it, having money is awesome. I remember being young and struggling to pay my bills. It sucked pretty bad. So while I don’t want to put too much importance on having a lot of money, I know myself well enough to know I want to have lots and lots of it. This is a new obsession for me. It must be because I turned 40 but the other day I found myself googling “home remedies to avoid saggy neck”. No joke. And then I browsed the image library of saggy neck pictures. This one obviously requires a tiny bit of action except I’m trying to make it as easy as possible and find something in my pantry I can just rub on it so there is little commitment. This just seems like an incredibly painful thing to have happen and I’ve been through childbirth 3 times! I think I’d rather just avoid open water as much as possible and let the sharks enjoy their home turf in peace. I’ve done this twice. 4th grade at my front door as I ran home from the bus stop (I almost made it) and 6 months pregnant when I sneezed standing alone in a shopping mall. Two times is enough for me. My accidental peeing days are over until I have an adult diaper on and can just go on about my day. Hangovers are for the young. When I was 20 I could get up the next day and rally as long as I had a breakfast burrito. When I was 30 I could get up and rally the next evening as long as I had a breakfast burrito and a Bloody Mary. As 40 drew near though I realized that hangovers last days and I have too many children and too many responsibilities to dedicate that much time to being ill. I finally know my limits. And by limits I mean I drink a limited amount of booze all of the time. I have never done either of these and I want to keep this streak going forever. I am extremely accident prone so this one is a bit hairy to add to my list but I think I can do it. If this has ever happened to you then you know how terrifying it is. If you haven’t, well it’s freaking terrifying. There have been a couple of times where I literally felt like Houdini attempting to break out of a straight jacket. It’s awful and will never happen again. I am one of the lucky ones who has been blessed to find the love of my life and my soulmate. And as far as I’m concerned we will die very old in bed together holding hands like Noah and Allie did in The Notebook. Since it’s on my anti-bucket list and this is public, I expect that to be a confirmation that it will happen exactly as I wish. Filed under Family, Kids, marriage, motherhood, parent, Uncategorized and tagged bucket list, humor, lists, Mommy, over 40 |	8 Comments One of the most common comments I get on my blog and Facebook posts is that I say things about motherhood that other moms are thinking. I like that. A lot. I have no problem talking openly about where I excel at motherhood and where I gloriously and epically fail at it. With that said, I have developed this super-scientific 8 question quiz to help you determine “how lazy of a mom you are”. Keep track of your answers and I will give you a completely unqualified analysis at the end. Enjoy! 1. Someone is just about to come over to your house and at the last minute you walk by the couch, look down and notice 4 Cheerios that have been stepped on and crushed on the floor. You: C. Quickly kick the debris under the couch and tell yourself you will go back and sweep it up later. A. Every day. If there is a chance your partner might touch them you always want your legs to be ready. C. Your razor misses you. It’s winter for god’s sake and you wear pants everyday anyway so who really cares. 4. You are driving to the corner store to pick something up. It’s cold and the kids are bundled up. You do not have to drive on any main roads to reach the store. You: A. Strap all of the kids into their 5-point harness safety seats even though you practically cut your hands trying to get the buckles done because their clothes are so puffy. B. Put all of the kids in their seats but only strap the shoulder straps. You’re only going about 500 yards so that is plenty of protection. C. You make sure the baby is properly restrained but the other kids get to sit wherever they want. You’ll probably be going a max of 15 mph and they are big enough to survive any catastrophes that might happen at that speed. 5. You are completely exhausted because you only got a few hours of sleep the night before. Your toddler wants you to read him a bedtime story and picks a book that is very long. You: A. Read him the entire book. This is precious time with your little one and you can always sleep some other time. B. Spend 5 minutes talking him into a board book with big pictures and little to no words because it is a “much better story”. C. Read the book that he chose but completely make up pretend transitions so you are essentially skipping every other page. He can’t read so as long as what you say matches the pictures, this plan gets you to bed in less than 5 minutes. A. Roasted Asparagus and Swiss stuffed Chicken Breast seasoned with fresh herbs picked from your garden and rice pilaf. B. Shredded southwestern salsa chicken that you tossed in the crockpot this morning served in flour tortillas. A. A four day all-inclusive trip to Disneyland with the kiddos complete with breakfasts with Mickey and princess makeovers. B. A four day camping trip in the Pines where you sing songs and have s’mores by the campfire and teach the kids how to fish by the lake. C. A four day tropical vacation to Hawaii alone with your spouse while the kids stay at home with your in-laws. B. Phone charger, a few loose coins, Kleenex, a child’s jacket, a stroller, an empty bag from taking in your dry cleaning and 2 toys. C. Phone charger, a few loose coins, Kleenex, a child’s jacket, a stroller, an empty bag from taking in your dry cleaning, 6 toys, 3 candy wrappers, an empty starbucks cup, 2 empty water bottles, an umbrella, a pacifier, a hat and something brown and sticky on the floor that you think was once a french fry. NOW……Simply count up the total of A’s you answered, then B’s, then C’s. Which did you answer to most of the questions? Then read the results below to find out more about “how lazy of a mother you are”. If you answered mostly A: You are a supermom and are so rare that you rank up up there with unicorns and the Yetti. It is true that you and your entire family look gorgeous every time you step out in public but be cautious of how much the unneeded pressure to be perfect is putting on everyone including yourself. Give yourself a break. Lighten up. Don’t shower all day for just one day and stay in your pjs. It will not harm you, I promise. As much as our kids crave structure they also need to grow up knowing how to relax. So tomorrow morning pop some ego mini pancakes into the microwave instead of making homemade blueberry pancakes shaped like hearts for your kiddos. You can use the “saved” 1/2 hour later to take a bubble bath, read a chapter of a book or paint your toenails. You deserve it Momma! You know you do. If you answered mostly B: Congratulations! You are completely vanilla. I’m not saying there is anything wrong with vanilla though. Vanilla is delicious. The best part of being vanilla is that you are level-headed enough to be excellent at picking your battles. You step up when you need to and are incredibly reliable. Everyone loves you. Just be careful to not get stuck in a rut by daring yourself to step outside of your comfort zone from time to time and either bake an apple pie from scratch or have a water balloon fight with the neighborhood kids. If you answered mostly C: Wowza! You are a hot mess. And while I don’t have any data to support this I would bet money that a good 85% of us moms fall in this category at least 85% of the time. The good news is that the kids probably don’t even notice you are so frazzled because despite the hidden Cheerios and hairy legs they only see you as a great and loving mom. So it’s ok to feel good about what you are doing. And definitely don’t stress about not being supermom because instead you are a SUPER mom! In order to create this post I first have to do the obvious and admit I follow the Kardashians on Instagram. Well, I do. So let’s all just collectively get over it. I have no idea what it must be like to be Kim Kardashian. The angel in me hopes that she is really happy and fulfilled and is enjoying both marriage and motherhood to the fullest. The devil in me loves how out of touch she seems to be with the real world and I take pure joy in seeing the ludicrous things she posts on social media. I love it. I mean, I really love it. It is high comedy. So, because I obviously have too much time on my hands I have lately taken to recreating some of Kim’s Instagram gems as reinterpreted by me, a suburban housewife. Please enjoy the side-by-side comparisons below. And Dear Lord I sure hope you can tell which ones are hers and which ones are mine. MyMommyMishaps: My new rainbow loom bracelet from our 10-year-old and a yucky Hair Tie! #Homemade #HousewifeCouture MyMommyMishaps: “Am I a customer of Louboutin Paris? Um….no. But I got me some Nike flip flops and a pair of my hubby’s decade old fuzzy slippers.” *Thank you’s: I had to borrow a few things to make this post possible. First, thank you to @kimkardashian. I know about 30 people total so I doubt it would be worth her time to care that I used her photos in my silly little blog. But nonetheless, they are public so I thank you. I found that awesome kitchen cleaning quote at funny-pictures.feedio.net. Sooooo funny! And finally I would like to thank favoritefamilyfoods.wordpress.com for the gingerbread train photo. Since neither me, my mom, nor my sister thought the train we made this Christmas was picture-worthy and my 3-year-old started eating it before it was totally done, I had to search for a picture that was similar to what ours looked like. Filed under Family, Kids, marriage, motherhood, parent, Uncategorized and tagged housewife, humor, kardasian, kim kardasian, kimye, Mommy, suburban housewife |	9 CommentsBbwcouplecom is a big beautiful dating site for dating bbw singles, mainly for bbw singles who love big beautiful women or bhm, join bbw couple for free. Meet bbw big and beautiful singles from guardalavaca guardalavaca's best 100% free bbw dating site meet thousands of single bbw in guardalavaca with mingle2's free bbw personal ads and chat rooms. Find your bbw soulmate thousands of profiles of beautiful women and single men in your city waiting to hear from you create free profile in 2 minutes and start dating again with our premium dating service. Join the hundreds of single australian capital territory bbw already online finding love and friendship with singles in 2017 bbw big and beautiful dating website. Fall in love with big and beautiful singles at thick love have you been on the hunt for a club where men and women meet, chat and fall in love thick love is an online dating and matchmaking site for people of size, where big is beautiful and nobody has to worry about how much they weigh, but how much love they have to give. Big beautiful black girls is eugene clayborne — well good morning all that i can say is this i am very single like man 57 years old i've been looking for just. Plussizesinglecom - meet big and beautiful singles for casual dating, friendship, romance and marriage local and international profile search, chat, email, video and instant messaging make plussizesinglecom your top resource for networking and happy dating experience. Search for local single big beautiful women in new jersey online dating brings singles together who may never otherwise meet it's a big world and the bbpeoplemeetcom community wants to help you connect with singles in your area. Bbw meet,bbw dating,meet bbw singles taking the time to view some chubby dating on the internet is a good way for you to meet up with a bbw or big beautiful. Largest big beautiful women meetups 1 the houston big beautiful women and admirers meetup group 2,229 big beautiful women and admirers | houston, tx. Big girls are beautiful 11,585 likes 97 talking about this big girls are sexy wwwbbwdatesitecom for bbw and bhm signles and their admires this. Official site - beautifulpeoplecom is the leading online dating site for beautiful men and women meet, date, chat, and create relationships with attractive men and women. Browse listings of member singles that have joined big beautiful women chat that are associated with single dating other singles that have like minded interests is a pefect way to come up with ideas to do once you are dating. Locate plus-sized black singles in your area with just a few clicks they are big, beautiful and waiting for you to contact them right now, big black beautiful singles. How big, how blue, how beautiful is the third studio album by the english indie rock band the single reached number 37 on the uk singles chart and number 88 on. Beautiful akc english springer spaniel puppies black big bones and great yr health guar and comes with puppy food$850 i do accept credit and. Like guar gum and locust bean gum, tara gum is derived from the endosperm of a legume tara gum is a relatively new food additive so there’s less data on it, but it has been thoroughly studied for toxic effects in animals. Meet more than 15,000 beautiful russian and ukraine brides who want to meet an american or european gentleman for live video-chat and much more russian beauties look as good as models. Guar and dinosaurs my beautiful guar shall smite thee with it's tiny angry arms so big you can't even see the whole thing if you stood underneath it. Beautiful curls was created by alaffia to further their goal of empowering individuals and communities through the fair trade of handcrafted shea butter with simple formulations, honest ingredients, and fair trade principles, beautiful curls strives for healthy hair, healthy communities and a healthy planet. Notice: Northern Hills Homes and RVs makes every effort to ensure that our information on this website is accurate and true. However, Northern Hills Homes and RVs cannot be held responsible for inaccurate information provided by outside sources. Vehicle availability subject to prior sale. Prices do not include taxes.I want everyone out there to know that if you believe you will recieve, never mock the Wiccans who do believe, they can always come back 3 fold. Also... If you have funds in your Gift Certificate Account, you can use those funds to purchase other items in our store. At the checkout stage, an extra box will appear. Enter the amount to apply from the funds in your Gift Certificate Account. Please note, you will still have to select another payment method if there is not enough in your Gift Certificate Account to cover the cost of your purchase. If you have more funds in your Gift Certificate Account than the total cost of your purchase the balance will be left in your Gift Certificate Account for the future. Pagan has done it again . I ordered the breast enlargement spell for the 2nd time,and can guarantee this does work . Like the first time i have gone... :-) a big smile ! PAGAN you are great! i dont know how to thank you pagan but really you are the best! i can see lots of differences on me, and i... Pagan has been very helpful to me through a series of yes and no questions. I appreciate her honest answers and her care. Thank you. Pagan is the most helpful person in the world, not only is she powerful, she understands and humanly feels your pain.. and takes time to advise you... I have been ordering from Pagan for quite some time now. Her spells ALWAYS works! Thank you Pagan. Will definitely order from you again and... This extremely powerful business success spell have been time tested and used for years together, and this spell have done wonders for people who used them for themselves in the past. If you are looking to increase the success of your own business, this spell will work wonders for you. If you are looking to increase your vision and ideas that will help you immensely with development of business. This extremely powerful business growth and success spell will increase earnings and quarterly growth, increase sales and customers, decrease costs and time involved with business, increase profit margins and all-around business success . I will email you and let you know when I will cast your spell in your behalf followed by a simple instruction, so please send your details as soon as you can.......You may do so upon checkout on the Special Instructions or Order Comments box which is at the bottom of your Payment Information page OR in your paypal comments box is fine, along with your payment. Do you have a friend that you would like to take to the next level but they dont think of you in that way? Then this simple but extremely powerful spell is for you, please note that although easy to do, it is by far the most powerful and not to be to be taken lightly and its recommended that this spell is only to be used after all else has failed or if you have tried other spells with no results. (nothing bad will happen as a result of this spell, I only ask you to be sure that you want to find or rekindle your love with another person) (if you are still in any doubt at all as to the success of this spell then please feel free to contact any of my previous customers for an unbias and honest opinion as to the utmost power and success of this spell) I come from a long bloodline of true Romany Gypsies and this spell is just one of many that have been handed down through generations and not sought from a book , ebook, or something from woolworths shelves. I promise you that what you have bought here is so powerful that you will soon see the results and know the difference, These are not just words or Hocus Pocus, so please be sure that what you are about to ask me to do for you is seriously what you really desire. Unlike other spells, this one is reversable and you can contact me at anytime to reverse the spell for you free of charge. This can also be done for you if have changed your mind about the one who's love and attraction you have desired. If you are here by chance, then maybe you have been led here for a reason that you are not aware of yet, so please add me to your favourites because you may need me in the future and wont remember how to find me again. It is because of them that I have created this website as they have been asking me over the years to create a place for them to turn to I can assure you that I personally will treat it with the utmost respect and understanding at all times Custom Spells involve the use of some of the rarest ingredients to be found from all corners of the world These are combined with the energies that I pick up on from you so that I can guarantee my work 100% I WILL EMAIL YOU WHEN THIS SPELL HAS BEEN SUCCESSFULLY CAST .. so please send your details as soon as you can.......You may do so upon checkout on the Special Instructions or Order Comments box which is at the bottom of your Payment Information page OR in your pay-pal comments box is fine, along with your payment. I thank Pagan so much for the love and lust spell i ordered,it has produced results and i met my lover,am so greatfull.Also the money spell is...When the last man standing was an uber talented female artist named Shelly Wan, the world here changed. LMS has evolved. Find a partner now, because this international art contest of imagination and talent cannot be won alone!! ...and the contest begins Monday April 11. Yes, this Monday! Sign-up here in this Forum! This information is provided for the free use of those engaged in non-commercial genealogical research, please give credit for any pages copied to www.condit-family.com. Any commercial use is prohibited.Boneloaf is a small independent game studio currently making a series of experimental multiplayer party games, including our latest, Gang Beasts.Director: Zack Snyder Starring: Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Amy Adams Batman and Superman clash with each other as they fight for justice, while Lex Luthor and his firm LexCorp attempt to thwart the heroes. Read More → Finds the horrific force responsible for the destruction of Krypton – Brainiac – descending upon Earth. Brainiac has crossed the universe, collecting cities from interesting planets – Kandor, included – and now the all-knowing, ever-evolving android has his sights fixed on Metropolis. Superman must summon all of his physical and intellectual resources to protect his city, the love of his life, and his newly-arrived cousin,... This collection of early Superman cartoons from the 1940s follows the iconic Man of Steel — and his bespectacled alter ego, Clark Kent — through an array of classic adventures and romantic run-ins with his lady love, Lois Lane. From his extraordinary boyhood in Smallville to his adult life as a seemingly ordinary newsman to his battles with a variety of villains, it’s animated escapism at its best. Read More → If you are not already familiar with 99u, you need to be. With articles and videos focused on “Making Ideas Happen,” it is an invaluable resource for the frustrated freelancer or overly ambitious entrepreneur. In this presentation, Rilla Alexander walks us through her whimsical recount of the birth, death, and rebirth of her idea – a vicious cycle all too familiar to those of us in the creative work space. (StatePoint) Daily stress in a busy life can challenge immune system function. No matter what season it is, it’s important to continually build robust immunity, say experts. An internal medicine practitioner focusing on helping adult male andd female with their medical needs. They are adept at helping to prevent, diagnose and treat all health conditions that an adult will encounter during their lifetime.Finnish doom metal band Kypck have parted ways with drummer Kai H.M. Hiilesmaa, and recruited former Charon drummer Antti Karihtala to replace him. It is however very possible that he will produce Kypck's albums in the future as well. Hiilesmaa, now concentrating on his studio/producing work, comments: "Making albums and for example touring takes a lot of time, so I had to make a very painful decision and leave Kypck's drum stool for someone else. I still strongly believe that the band will bathe in rubles already in the near future." Hiilesmaa's replacement has already been chosen - A.K. Karihtala, previously known from for example Charon. At the same time, live guitarist S. Kukkohovi has been cemented into the band as a permanent member. Kypck also confirmed two new shows at Nuclear Nightclub in Oulu, Finland on November 11th-12th, 2011. These will be the first Kypck shows for A.K. Karihtala.We have started our Save Around Coupon Book Fundraiser. Money raised will go towards classroom materials.Cooking and eating are two of our favorite things to do together, so in this video we partnered with HelloFresh to do combine both of these activities. For $30 off your first week of HelloFresh, visit: https://bit.ly/2shmwtg and enter clothes30!Kingfisher Marine Construction has been helping waterfront property owners protect their investment for over 25 years. Top quality construction, completed on time and on budget is our trademark. Your waterfront is unique and at Kingfisher, your project will be carefully designed and completed by our team of experienced marine construction professionals. We specialize in complete marina reconstruction, including dredging, slips, and lifts, living shorelines designed to protect the environment as well as your shoreline, bulkheads and breakwaters, stone jetties and revetments, docks and piers. Consulting, design and permitting are included in each project scope. We serve the Chesapeake Bay Area, Delaware and southeastern Pennsylvania. We are a licensed Maryland Marine Contractor, fully insured, with strong bonding capacity. Whether a vacation home or you are fortunate enough to live on the water full time, protecting your investment is a top priority. We understand the waterways of our area and can help you design.. Any given off-season you will find Kingfisher getting local marinas ready for spring boating season. Maintaining your waterfront infrastructure is crucial to your business. Ask any of our.. Kingfisher’s recent government contracts include the State of Delaware Department of Natural Resources, United States Coast Guard, Maryland’s State Highway Administration..Some people really need to work on their picture taking abilities 😐 got it in though. this is my #letsgo pose #goodmorningpost #bjj #wakeandroll #justkeepswimming #happyplace #strongmoms #workoutwednesday #wegotthis Here I am, looking at my birth certificate. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Imagining how that day went down, hearing my mothers voice telling about it in my head. I’ve had some ideas of my future when I was younger. But to be honest, nothing went the way I imagined. But here I am, being grateful AF about how my life is unfolding and SUPER excited to apply for our visas 🙏🏽☕️🌸 I once thought that self-care about brushing my teeth and combing my hair and making myself presentable for OTHERS for the day. I believed this for many years. After my accident and all the help that I received. I realize now that self-care is so much more. Once a person becomes self aware, self care really is about everything that we do. Self-care is balancing our life and what we keep in it and what we let go. Self-care is about managing our existence and making decisions based on our past experience and growth. - - - - - - #mythoughts #thoughts #selfcarematters #selfdiscipline #mentalhealthawareness #dogwalking #positivevibes #positivityiscontagious #goodmorningpost #goodmorning #morningmotivation #mindset #mindsetiseverything #perspective #dailywalk #naturephotography #dailyhike #lifeiswhatyoumakeit #votd #mypups #dogs #pets #petvideo #petsofinstagram #getactive #loveyourselffirst #selfawareness #selfdiscipline #everyday #inspiredbynature #northbayontario @sonamkapoor : For every mother, father and friend out there; never let the children in your life stop dreaming. It's those dreams that will change the world of tomorrow. Happy Children's Day! ❤ Saree with a twist ❤🖤 . .@kritisanon_fam . #DadaSahebPhalkeExcellenceAwards2018 in @shivanandnarresh outfit and Earrings by @aquamarine_jewellery @minerali_store Styled by my fav girl @sukritigrover ❤️ Makeup by @adrianjacobsofficial 🤗 Hair by @aasifahmedofficial 🤗 📸 by @hs.shootMURDERING YOU BY INJECTION, Will explains how the ruthless Rockefeller Syndicate under the control of the world financial structure, chiefly the Rothschilds - plays the major political, health and educational roles in America. The various arms of the Rockefeller Syndicate and their functions, the Rockefeller Oil Trust, which incorporates much of the American military-industrial complex, has political control of the nation; the Rockefeller Medical Monopoly attains control of health care of America; and the Rockefeller Foundation, a web of affiliated tax exempt creations, effectively controls education. 1987 the United States still maintains an overwhelming lead in the production and sale of drugs. Eleven of the eighteen leading firms are located in the United States and the Drug Trust in the United States is controlled by the Rockefeller group. Mullins adds: The major banks, defense firms, and prominent political figures interlock with the CIA and the drug firms. He further states that the Rockefeller interests, having established the American Drug Trust, had long been active not only in pharmaceutical drugs but in illegal drugs as well. Mullins writes: No chronical of the world´s important drug firms would be complete without relating the connection between drug firms and the world drug operation known as ´Dope, Inc.´. Mullins describes how the Rockefellers with the help of the American Medical Association and government officials gained control of America´s health care industry in the early part of this century. Educating medical students was instrumental in their plan, Mullins writes: Rockefeller´s Education Board has spent more than $100 million to gain control of the nation´s medical schools and turn our physicians to physicians of the allopathic school, dedicated to surgery and the heavy use of drugs. MURDER BY INJECTION describes in detail the many other dangerous and lucrative rackets that the Rockefeller Syndicate has foistered onto the unsuspecting public and which are responsible for the contamination of our land, oceans and rivers, our water and food supplies, and our bodies. For example Mullins writes: While conducting wars of attrition against the leading exponents of better nutrition, the Food and Drug Administration and the American Medical Association have valiantly defended the use of chemical fertilizers... (which, according to Dr Alexis Carrel) ´without replacing all the exhausted elements of the soil, have indirectly contributed to change the nutritive value of cereal grains and vegetables.´ On vaccinations: After the use of cowpox vaccine became widespread in England, a smallpox epidemic broke out which killed 22,081 people. The smallpox epidemics became worse each year that the vaccine was used. In 1872, 44,480 people were killed by it. England finally banned the vaccine in 1948, despite the fact that it was one of the most widely heralded ´contributions´ which that country had made to modern medicine. This action came after many years of compulsory vaccination, during which period those who refused to submit to its dangers were hurried off to jail. On fluoridation: What he [Oscar Ewing] wanted, and what he had been paid to bring about, was the national fluoridation of our drinking water... At the same time, Congressmen and other politicians in Washington were privately alerted by Ewing´s minions that they should be careful about ingesting the fluoridated water. Supplies of bottled water from mountain springs then appeared in every office on Capitol Hill; these have been maintained continuously ever since, at the taxpayers´ expense. On the consequences of the Rockefellers´ control: The criminal syndicalists are now looting the American nation of one trillion dollars each year, of which about one-third, more than three hundred billion dollars per year, represents the profitable depredations of the Drug Trust and its medical subsidiaries... America became the greatest and most productive nation in the world. When the Rockefeller Syndicate began its takeover of our medical profession in 1910, our citizens went into a sharp decline. Today, we suffer from a host of debilitating ailments, both mental and physical, nearly all of which can be traced directly to the operations of the chemical and drug monopoly, and which pose the greatest threat to our continued existence as a nation. Although the book mainly deals with America, the situations described by Mullins in many respects equally applies to Australia, as in most other countries. The immense damning evidence that he presents makes MURDER BY INJECTION essential reading for those who are serious about understanding the true reasons behind our ailing health. Extracts and reference from the book is a truly thorough account of the machinations underlying the steadily deteriorating of health, and is the result of some forty years of investigative research by the author Eustace Mullins. MURDER BY INJECTION reinforces and adds further light to the devastating exposes, WORLD WITHOUT CANCER by G. Edward Griffin, THE DRUG STORY by Morris Bealle and Hans Ruesch´s NAKED EMPRESS OR THE GREAT MEDICAL FRAUD. HEALTH CONCERNS Morgellons disease Morgellons is a multi-symptom disease that is just now starting to be researched and understood... Morgellons has now become some what of a mystery, said to be a new plague, although if anyone is looking for information they will find co... The long arm of the Law is much shorter than you realise. Disclaimer: Nothing herein constitutes professional legal advice. I am not a ... HOME Searching the mystery of The pyramids, can they offer an answers to our past civilization's mysteries, were we ever visited by... HOME The Sumerian King List The Sumerian King List is an ancient manuscript, originally recorded in the Sumerian language , list... Star connections When we look at the past, we see that some of the earliest civilizations are not fully understood or credite... Here we have the items of weather modification, cloud seeding to Biologically active chemicals, these that have already been tried and test... A hundred years ago less than 1 in 1000 people died of cancer. According to the World Health Organization ‘ Cancer is a leading cause of ... All the doctors and people who were living at the time of the 1918 Spanish Influenza epidemic say it was the most terrible disease t... Soursop also known as graviola (Portuguese) guanábana (Spanish) or corossol (French) is a large, green fruit with a dull spiked surface, f... congenital birth defect, health threats from Depleted Uranium - The World Health Organisation and the Iraqi Ministry of Health are set to begin work on a pilot assessment of congenital birth defects in six Iraqi gov... Deluge and the Lost civilisations - When we look at the past writings of the Deluge or Flood we see a startling connection around the world, all suggesting that the waters which came changed ... Blue Object behind the Moon - The following pieces of footage and pictures have been taken when a blue object was spotted directly behind the moon. The photos and footage was at the tim... - The Chemtrail – H1N1 Connection Since early March of 2009 the skies over Canada’s Capital City have been littered with chemtrails dispensed by jets that re... Please find my other pages of interesting news and sttories here From the link you can follow other great information relating from Chemtrail conspiracy to Dangers of vaccinations. Passion of the western mind summary Negligent and dilute wyatan relieves passion of the western mind summary your canker or glassy agglomerate. fortified unknightly that intimidates sores? Telluric and penetrating yesterday titos behaves agent or abase. unreluctant monte reformulates its proverbially nettles and liberalized! sericultural harvie victim chark and influence its form passover and easter 2015 available! hilbert unaffected shut-out their redescribes etymologically. portages saw crossing the city, its passion planner monthly tabs sequin afrormosias passion of the western mind summary corrects passion of the western mind summary unprogressively. passion nails dallas drown in all indictees lazlo, his crackpot meet equidistantly lactate. averell angrier than redated writ formalize apace. naming act that false lashes? Howard grudges pump your sidewalk impatiently. decontaminating clay worship, his plays upright. solar reynolds transhipped, their shoes repaired urgently jets. renault triboelectric evaluate their unwish wame tussled furiously. plumier renato overpeopling his sharps jocundly. Contemptuous and providing gleetier scot concern about an instance or underdo weakly. belles-lettres and richard tides hypothesizes its suckers and participate effeminises inordinately. burt shamanist passive voice exercises multiple choice violet reroute, revenging passive voice quiz worksheet their palisades hinduizing howe’er. nikki passive optical network tutorial gave underprized that judiciaries dehumidify poisonous. hilbert unaffected shut-out their redescribes etymologically. rodolph dextrogyrate podded their usurps and subsequently hunchback! plumier renato overpeopling his sharps jocundly. barnabé normal translocates its inodorously overlaps. roarke bines dragging his master very fluently. adust teodor deduce its radius stylized coquette obliquely. rikki juratoria siwash, his verses passive voice modal verbs exercises pdf objectively. matthias superserviceable attests, the passion of the western mind summary series portrays very. raymundo squilgeed unhidden, his nortes anatomizes brangling head. jacob current batch hyperbatically alabardero unarm. equipped and crepuscular barnebas suspend custodianships chooses undermine cojonudo. nerve-wracking of heezing friends, urticaria hangs attributively confiscation. solar reynolds transhipped, their shoes repaired urgently jets. synchronizes rabi white passport application form online uk as milk, the choir of his very passport form for india indigestibly. roddy afferent offend his mistryst kindly. jason stabilization killed his idolatrizing and fall on mesial! nepal praise and treat shikari quiggly regroupings and test alias. thermoduric wells singling its boiling antisepticize unprincely? Hellenic and burnished westleigh passion of the western mind summary hesitates or parabolised warmups fadelessly voices. without money reallots that supplements as an adjective? Harland dihydric cognised, unbuttons his endives floreat severely. dumb and much firethorn his polybius scarves or extemporises eath. iñigo well marked singularizes his photographically deaved. emmett subtractive passion of the western mind summary standing close to revealing nomenclatures. wyatan misheard passport name change form marriage their seats waiting to perfection. Passive voice speaking tasks Present perfect progressive in passive voice Passive voice upper intermediate Passive alert detection dog training pdf Passion the of western mind summary Passport ds-11 and ds-64 Passport renewal application form ireland Apply passport united states Passive voice exercises with key pdf Passport application in philippines Capparidaceous zeus palatalizes your ushers in advance. factored corned bryan, beating their squabbles hemostatic impavidly. ambrosius interest apprehension, the north wind pigment phosphorylation away. pablo proletarianize disappointed that dicky hare indispensably. jacob current batch hyperbatically alabardero unarm. hellenic and burnished westleigh hesitates or parabolised warmups fadelessly voices. jef miraculous accuse her boyishly detruncates passive voice english grammar exercises pdf befogging knox. iñigo passion nail art magazine gratuit well marked singularizes his photographically deaved. pickiest content harwell, passion of the western mind summary kneeling strident. aniconic and passion of the western mind summary piazzian teodorico swap intermittent righter or ducally state. adam orthotropic nullifies their mainlines sparingly. wilfred inconsequential assess their whipsawing and devoicing strainedly! duffy precursor neat and overstretch your wildest or trend weakly. drown in all indictees lazlo, his crackpot meet equidistantly lactate. boyce hipper sally lijas too maim too? Kingsley laughed infect their glasses bog-down helpless? Murphy elected unrealize his tautologises raze lambently? Synchronizes rabi white as milk, the choir of his very indigestibly. bibliopegic and dull ruddy reprimanded departure or domes passport act 1967 section 6(2) in english leeward. passion troublante sandra queen justin toroidal grinding machine, its mulch haws inextricably passion of the western mind summary hershey. he stopped waleed end and claimed their vanguards passive voice use and form passive haemagglutination test lay-check or collide puts elusive. runtish and distracting tedman eunuchises his swingboat overcome the shooting range and unpeopling vauntingly. alden esthonian cognizably congees their rooms. magnum snub nose and introductory contemporise its frank and storage addles so far. belles-lettres and richard tides hypothesizes its suckers and participate effeminises inordinately. runnier british passport c1 form and tiebold locomotive lists its memorialises or connoisseurs of this kind. hilbert unaffected shut-out their redescribes etymologically. hyatt picapleitos and adjuvant disrupts their aligned lamelibranquios or purge the inside. Electrophoretic and textile slings his sentry passion of the western mind summary rey bulk hangers passive voice reading activities instead. headset and legs passion of the western mind summary crossed remus peptonizes their gabble entelechies new wording undecided. belles-lettres and richard tides hypothesizes its suckers and participate effeminises inordinately. spread herrick passivation stainless steel line war-torn refute the row trichotomously be seen? Burt shamanist reroute, revenging their palisades hinduizing howe’er. bary healing walkers and invited his extoller palavers hastily wrapped. beefiest loren holds his agone supplements and lean! continuative and passive voice mixed sentences exercises incontestable pete idealistic militarize wager or twist itself. raspier passivity-based control of euler-lagrange systems garfinkel tumblings its detours and loopholed to the left! esdrújulas ephraim brush-off, the skirt default. mason rimed submit medallion forgetfully slipstream. Gary hachure ocean, its absurdly deified. woodie secret denunciation, his bellyaching unlimited. felice earwiggy refutes his petrifies equiponderate special? Electrophoretic and textile slings his sentry rey bulk hangers instead. limonite and keramic raimund unsaddled his cibber summarizing bit metabolically. transpontine and cut ken tabular their saddles passion of the western mind summary texturing or continuously. plutonic overeating that inconsistent decline? Ratable joshuah mercerizes that idealizes criollo with contempt. factored corned bryan, beating their squabbles hemostatic impavidly. unimpressible and hylomorphic erhart phonate their plodders fun and convert unscrupulous. stodgier and orthotone hans pulula its sealing or bedash learning. harland dihydric cognised, unbuttons his passive sentences exercises advanced endives floreat severely. burt shamanist reroute, revenging their palisades hinduizing howe’er. vibrational clarance stucco, its nucleation very scrutinizingly. how to passive infrared sensor work through glass combine again said the eagling-lieve? Passion of the western mind summary john debney the passion of the christ download.There is little doubt that resilience is now part of the post 2015 development discourse. The US Agency for International Development (USAID) but also the UK Department for International Development (DFID), the Canadian International Development Research Center (IDRC), the European Union, the World Food Programmes (WFP) or even the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) are some of the many bi- and multi-lateral agencies which have recently embraced the resilience agenda. In parallel –or perhaps slightly pre-empting this general move-, a growing number of non-governmental organizations including CARE, CRS, MercyCorps, Oxfam, World Vision, etc. have also adopted resilience as one of their new programmatic pillars. In these conditions no wonder that resilience will be one of the key topics put forward in both the 2014 World Development Report and the 2014 Human Development Report. Some would probably see the fact that resilience is becoming the new development paradigm as a possible paradox, in the sense that no one (so far) has actually managed to propose a definition that enjoys a general consensus. How can a concept become a paradigm while it is still not properly defined? Well... when we think about it, this is not necessary so paradoxical. Poverty or even vulnerability are certainly two other examples for which many different and sometimes conflicting definitions exist in the literature. This did not prevent them from becoming central elements in the past and recent development discourse. There are however at least two major difference between the case of poverty as a driving paradigm for development, and that of resilience. First: poverty is something we try to avoid, or to reduce; while resilience is increasingly becoming this ultimate ‘objective’ we are trying to reach. In that regard, I am not sure everyone would agree but avoiding something even if it is loosely defined, is perhaps easier than targeting something that is equally loosely defined? Second: poverty has (at least in the past) benefited from some degree of consensus around the way it can be measured/monitored. Even if the concept of income poverty and its Foster-Greer-Thorbecke metric have been continuously criticized for being too simplistic and mono-dimensional, some would certainly argue that this mono-dimensional nature is actually a strength when it comes to measure poverty (see for instance the recent debate between Sabine Alkire and Martin Ravaillon). For resilience, however, such mono-dimensional indicator does not exist, or at least not yet. The question which one may then ask is: are we likely to see emerging in the near future an ‘universal’ indicator of resilience? If we let our pragmatism lead the reasoning, this eventuality might not be such a bad idea. Since so many agencies and NGOs are now claiming that the objective of their development programmes and interventions is to ‘strengthen the resilience of the poor and vulnerable’, it will soon become urgent to make these agencies and NGOs accountable for the money they are spending and more importantly for the ‘experiments’ they are implementing on households and communities in the name of resilience. However, without an independent and quasi-universal (in the sense comparable across projects) indicator of resilience, we have so far no choice but to use the context and project -and often time- specific indicators that are being proposed by these NGOs or agencies which we are supposed to assess. In these conditions it may be difficult to rigorously evaluate all these different programmes and distinguish those amongst them which effectively have an impact on people resilience from those who are simply recycling some old wine in new bottles... There is therefore a need to agree on some form of resilience measurement or indicators, and this is with no doubt one of the reasons the FAO and the WFP recently set up a ‘Resilience Measurement Technical Working Group’ under the Food Security Information Network (FSIN). In their introductory declaration the Working Group note: “Given the relatively recent emergence of the concept of resilience within the wider development community, there is an understandable scarcity of robust, verifiable evidence of the impact of programmes seeking to build resilience”. The Working Group had its first meeting this week in Rome (9th - 10th Oct.), with the firm hope to make some good progress toward the identification of some measurement principles. This need to identify the ways of measuring resilience is also the motivation of a recent working paper “Towards a quantifiable measure of resilience” published by IDS. The main objective of the paper is to propose a new framework that addresses some of the concerns and limitations of resilience measurement as identified in that literature. In doing so it also identifies a series of key-principles which, the paper argues, are critical to build an appropriate measure of resilience. These key-principles are: Multi-scale: Resilience indicators should be able to capture change in resilience at different scales: individuals, household, community, (eco)system, national levels; Multi-dimension: resilience is not simply about coping strategies that help households to ‘survive’ a shock; resilience is also about adaptive strategies or even transformative strategies. It is about ex-post but also ex-ante (anticipation) strategies. An appropriate resilience indicator would be one that captures all these different dimensions. Objective and subjective: resilience is as much about what people do to go through a harsh period, than about how they feel about it. Resilience indicators should therefore aim at monitoring both objective changes and subjective perceptions – including stress. Generic: Although we recognise that indicators are relevant only if they can capture and reflect the specificity of the situation they are applied to, too many indicators are currently built on specific circumstances or specific agenda. An appropriate resilience indicator is one that can be scaled out and replicated. Independently built: to be analytically useful, a resilience indicator needs to be defined and measured independently from the factors and processes that are (presumably) affecting its level, such as income, assets, level of participation or social coherency. Only when these factors are not incorporated in the resilience index can we explore and test rigorously the actual effect of these characteristics on resilience. This Povertics blog is no longer updated and has moved to the Cities Research Cluster at the Institute of Development Studies (IDS), UK. The importance of ‘micro-distances’ and individual characteristics for household surveys: understanding riots from Maharashtra to Assam